If that pans out, then the S&P500 will be under its current level in 10 years.
Between 1976 and 1996, there were 17shutdowns in the United States that lasted, on average, 7.4days and in that time, the median fall in the S&P500 index was 0.3per cent.
Robust US economic data last week was not enough to prevent the Dow Jones Industrial Average and the S&P500 from snapping an eight-week winning streak, with the Dow closing at 16,020.20 points on Friday and the S&P500 at 1805.09.
Both the Dow Jones and the S&P500 collapsed upwards of 40 per cent after Lehman, with both also falling close to 50 per cent from their 2008 peaks.
Both the Dow Jones and the S&P500 lost more than 40 per cent in the months after Lehman, with both also falling more than 50 per cent from their 2007 peaks.
The S&P500 has fallen 2.56per cent from its all-time high on August1.
Vynokur also says some investors have been reducing their exposure to the S&P500 Index, which has performed well in recent months, and shifting those gains to the US Dollar ETF, given the ongoing falls in the value of the local currency.
Research firm FactSet says earnings for companies in the S&P500 index are expected to grow by only 0.7per cent in the June quarter on the same level a year ago - which is down from expected 4.2per cent growth three months ago.
It sells nobody short but excludes the 100 companies in the S&P500 that take the worst grades for aggressive accounting using a proprietary metric.All of these factors grade companies from A to F, and the worst 100 S&P500 members are excluded.Avoiding the losers, of whom there are many in capitalism, can be more important than picking winners.
Investors have given up almost a third of the 17per cent year-to-date gain in the S&P500 to May 21, and are licking their wounds. 
Shares had risen too far, too fast as the Fed prepared to cut the $US85billion a month asset purchase program that helped the S&P500 index reach a record high this month, Mr Naeimi said.
The S&P500 fell to 1630.74, 2.3 per cent off the record high struck on May 21 and its lowest since May 9.The S&P500 has mostly traded in a 1640-1660 range for the past fortnight."Our bias is to stick with a constructive S&P500 view as jobless claims improve, equity flows recover, and valuations mean revert," he said in a note to clients.Institutional investors are entering option strategies to profit from the decorrelation between the S&P500 and euro/U.S.Investors have been playing the decorrelation between the S&P500 and euro/U.S.The International Securities Exchange has pulled its SPDR S&P500 ETF Trust out of concern that it could threaten the market's liquidity.S&P500 up and away but nearing plateau, say analysts; 
The broad-based S&P500 eased by 2.92 points, or 0.18 per cent, to 1582.24; the technology-rich Nasdaq Composite Index fell by 10.72 points, or 0.33 per cent, to 3279.26 points, and the Dow Jones Industrial Average gained 11.75 points, or 0.08 per cent, to 14,712.55.
European stocks were sold off on Tuesday, and the S&P500 also fell, paving the way for declines in Australian shares early on Wednesday before the market recovered, with the S&P/ASX 200 up 0.03per cent to 5433 points by market close. "Managers we speak to are not hedging against a 'debt default' but have bought the ProShares UltraShort S&P500 (SDS) ETF. The ProShares UltraShort S&P500 is an exchange-traded fund that corresponds to twice (200 percent) the inverse (opposite) of the daily performance of the Standard & Poor's 500 Index.
Since late June, however, Wall Street has staged a feisty comeback, with the S&P500 breaking through its May high this past week.Earnings better than feared
Finally we know there is a high number of stocks in the S&P500 index trading above their respective long-term 200-day moving average.Two weeks ago, a stunning 94 per cent of the S&P500 components were trading above their long term moving averages.Over the period ended April 30, 2013, it has generated a total return of 128.5% -or about 34 percentage points above the return for the S&P500 index.It left the benchmark S&P500 index and the blue chip Dow Jones Industrial Average both down about 1.4 per cent for the day.
Of the 59 S&P500 companies to give guidance for the June quarter in this earnings season, 48 have been negative and only 11 positive, according to FactSet Earnings Insight.
The S&P500 fell 2.92 points, or 0.18per cent, to 1582.24; the Nasdaq Composite Index fell by 10.72points, or 0.33per cent, to 3279.26 points, and the Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 11.75 points, or 0.08per cent, to 14,712.55.
The broad-based S&P500 and the tech-heavy Nasdaq index both declined by more than 1 per cent after the slew of poorer data.In a positive sign for Australian stocks, Wall Street closed higher on last Thursday, with the Dow climbing 0.36 per cent and the S&P500 advancing 0.41 per cent.
While some will be hoping the markets can then progress, others like David Hunt of Adest ProfitHunters will be looking to sell the S&P500 Index if it rallies above 1424 and the same for the Dow Industrial Index beyond 13,200.
HIGHLIGHT: BNP Paribas is advising investors to consider selling dividend yield swaps on the S&P500 in an attempt to profit from the current elevated implied dividend yields.
In a long/short trade on S&P500 dividends against the S&P500, for example, the dividend yield exposure would decrease as the notional sizes of the two legs of the trade would diverge.
The chief investment officer at Evans & Partners, Michael Hawkins, also notes that the share price rally has combined with softer earnings predictions this year to push the earnings multiple on Wall Street's S&P500 index up to 13 times prospective earnings - about two percentage points below its 1987 peak, but no longer in bargain basement territory.S&P500 .....................1428.59 -4.25 -0.30 NASDAQ COMPOSITE .S&P500 .....................1432.84 0.28 0.02 NASDAQCOMPOSITE ...........3049.38 -2.40 -0.08 FTSEUROFIRST300.............1098.80 8.77 0.80 NIKKEI 225 .With the S&P500 hitting a near four-year high last Friday [September 7], Q3 earnings continue to be revised down, at -1.8% for the quarter and down from 3.8% as of the end of June.S&P500 to hit 1,615 by 2013 year end: Citigroup; 12% Increase
With the S&P500 hitting a near four-year high last Friday [September 7], Q3 earnings continue to be revised down, at -1.8% for the quarter and down from 3.8% as of the end of June.Most globalequity markets rallied during summer, with the S&P500 gaining 8% in thelast three months.Furthermore, volume on the S&P500 has posted more consecutive, sub-500 million share turnover days since before 2008, while the euro and the US dollar's average daily range over a rolling two-week period is closed to setting a similar low.The US S&P500 Index has jumped 12 per cent since June 4 and is approaching a year high of 1422.
With the S&P500 already nearing his year-end forecast of 1,440, Mike Turner, head of global strategy at Aberdeen Asset Management, said: "While we are confident in the global recovery, we would not be surprised to see a market correction as the summer approaches.                     iShares S&P500 ETF                   
The result was that both the S&P500 in the US and Asian stockmarkets had their worst week in a year in which world share markets have otherwise risen by 12per cent.
Amid profit-taking, the S&P500 fell 0.32 per cent and the NASDAQ was 0.43 per cent down.
With the S&P500 down 10% in the last three months, investors have been pulling out of the region with abandon.The IFSL Harewood US Enhanced Income fund is also worth a mention: it runs an 8% yield, investing in S&P500 companies.
Part of the problem was that although global equities had a reasonable year - the S&P500 returned just short of 13 per cent, and Asia-Pacific stocks more than 14 per cent - 2010 was a tough year for corporate bond investors.
US equities continue to look weak ,  and we see potential for  the S&P500 to head lower and test  multi-month trendline support around the 1,610 area  in the coming days .At that point , the S&P500 was trading a round  the 1,700 level ,  and we saw potential for the index to head to trendline suppo rt, which , at the time ,  came in around  the 1,600 level.Latest estimates from Thomson Reuters, for example, suggest that corporate earnings of companies in the S&P500 index rose by 6per cent in 2012, despite the fact that nominal economic growth was only 3.5per cent.Price Chg %chg Price Chg %chg S&P500 .....................1685.33 -6.32 -0.37 Dow Jones I.A.. .The S&P500 in the US rose to a record high last week and a feature ofthe gains has been the wide range of stocks that have helped drive the index.
The S&P500 fell 2.92 points, or 0.18per cent, to 1582.24; the Nasdaq Composite Index fell by 10.72points, or 0.33per cent, to 3279.26 points, and the Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 11.75 points, or 0.08per cent, to 14,712.55.
The Dow lost 1.8 per cent in four days and the S&P500 dived 2.8 per cent.
That prompted US markets to suffer their worst day this year with the Dow Jones Industrial Average and S&P500 slumping more than 2 per cent overnight Friday.
The Fed chairman's speech came after four days of declines in US equities saw the Dow Jones Industrial Average fall below 13,000 for the first time in almost a month, and kept the benchmark S&P500 Index below 1400 for a second day.Still, the S&P500 is up a quarter from its October lows and the Dow is up just over one-fifth.
S&P500 enters bear market as Greece nears default
Economists have lowered their global and US growth forecasts in recent days, while the S&P500 earnings upgrade-downgrade ratio fell in February for the first time since September (although upgrades still outnumber downgrades), as higher petrol prices tugged at forecasts.
A few sessions later, the benchmark S&P500 pushed through the 1150 level.Yet the S&P500 has been up or down by 10per cent or more in six of the past eight quarters.Mr Rosenberg said the US economy needed to grow at a much faster pace for corporate America to deliver on next year's S&P500 consensus forecast of $US95 a share.
Strategists at the firm added that implied dividends could come under further pressure going forward should flow in U.S. equities via price return S&P500 forwards continue.
The S&P500 is 386 points below RBS's estimate of 1640 and at the cheapest levels since operating earnings began to be published in 1988.
The S&P500 ended last week 0.3 per cent lower amid increasing oil prices and fears of a US government shutdown, which was averted on Saturday Sydney time.Technology is about 20 per cent of the S&P500 and if you've got 20 per cent of the S&P500 suddenly accelerating and showing decent earnings and sales growth, it's good for the market in general.According to JPMorgan's head of US equity strategy, Thomas Lee, the S&P500 fell on average by 5 per cent over 25 days after five other major nuclear accidents since 1950, but it took only 30 days on average for the US equity benchmark to recoup those gains.The S&P500 closed only 3.4 per cent below that mark on Monday and is still showing a 3.2 per cent gain for the year to date.
The Nasdaq and S&P500 indices were down 1.66pc and 1.69pc respectively.
An unexpected fall in US home sales worried investors and sent the S&P500 index down 1.6 per cent on Tuesday, its biggest one-day drop in about three weeks.Japan's Nikkei fell 11.7 per cent, followed by the S&P500 in the United States, Australia's All Ordinaries and London's FTSE 100, which fell 9.7 per cent, 7.9 per cent and 7.7 per cent respectively.US stocks gained yesterday with the S&P500 index up 1.1per cent or 11.5points.
In particular, both the Dow Jones and S&P500 have failed to cross above their 200-week moving average as well as the 61.8% retracement of the decline from their 2007 record highs to their March 2009 lows.
After peaking at 1150points on January 19, the S&P500 slipped 8 per cent to 1056 points by February 8.Mr Buffett, whose investment conglomerate entered America's S&P500 index earlier this week, has cancelled the traditional "meet and greet" with overseas shareholders.
When the Chinese central bank raised the reserve ratio of the country's major banks by 0.5 percent, the KOSPI fell by 1.6 percent while the S&P500 dropped by 0.94 percent.
Overnight on Friday the Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 2.5per cent, the S&P500 index dropped 2.8 per cent and the Nasdaq fell 2.5per cent.Both the S&P500 and the Nasdaq snapped seven straight months of gains.
The Dow industrials and the S&P500 index closed lower as a decline in oil and other commodity prices hurt energy and materials stocks.GRAPHIC: GRAPH: September pain, Seasonal pattern in US shares Average S&P500 monthly changes 1985-2008 (%)
The S&P500 fell 5per cent to a ª 10-month low last week having on Wednesday capped a woeful second quarter that ended a four-quarter winning streak.JPMorgan's US equity strategist Thomas Lee said his forecasts for this year and 2011 - S&P500 earnings per share of $US81 and $US90 respectively - were still achievable if US GDP growth this year and next was 2.5per cent to 3per cent versus some forecasts of 3per cent to 4per cent.
(In 1999, for instance, GMO forecast the S&P500 would return minus 1.9per cent a year for the coming decade; the actual result was minus 3.5per cent.Grantham says in his latest quarterly letter that speculation could see the US market pushed above 1200 points on the S&P500 (it was about 1000 points this past week).According to Woori Investment & Securities, KOSPI had mostly been influenced by the S&P500 of the United States until 2004.Statistics show that the KOSPI and S&P500 shared a correlation index between 0.49 and 0.59 from 2000 and 2004.The S&P500 continued to affect the Seoul stock market during the period, with correlation figures between 0.41 and 0.74.
For the week, the Dow Jones index fell 2.6per cent, the S&P500 lost 4per cent and the Nasdaq declined 5.1per cent.For the month, the Dow was unchanged, the S&P500 shed 2per cent and the Nasdaq slid 3.6per cent.
Since 1929, September has been the worst single month for US stocks, with the S&P500 losing 1.3pc on average compared with an average monthly gain of 0.5pc for the year as a whole.
wells_fargo has agreed to pay $11.2m to settle civil charges that its wachovia capital markets unit improperly sold two complex securities backed by residential mortgages just as the housing market was beginning to unravel.
stephen eckersley, ico head of enforcement, said: "the early days of google street view should be seen as an example of what can go wrong if technology companies fail to understand how their products are using personal information. google said it was now proceeding to delete the data in compliance with the ico's order. in march, google agreed to pay a $7m fine in the us to settle with 38 states where its street view cars had collected personal data.
The Dow Jones index has always been the most quoted US share market index, but it doesn't reflect market movements nearly as accurately as the broader S&P500 index.
microsoft reported its first loss since becoming a public company in 1986 as it wrote down the value of its online business and deferred revenues expected when users upgrade to its forthcoming windows 8 operating system.
a monoline move by goldman would come amid a crackdown on credit default swaps, another type of insurance-like instrument.
the letter received by the fed from the person familiar with litton said that at the same time that the modifications under hamp were being denied, goldman was increasing non-government modifications for loans it retained on its books.
a person familiar with the goldman unit concerned, litton loan of houston, texas, said loans were denied without the proper review under a "denial sweep" strategy devised to clear a backlog of applications.
the governor of virginia is set to decide the future of efforts to privatise some operations of the state's main port, after bids from a leading container terminal operator and a consortium led by jpmorgan were rejected.
like others who have worked with mr gates, mr allen depicts the long-time head of microsoft as aggressively competitive and demanding of employees to the point of demeaning them, though his account of his personal dealings with mr gates raises fresh ethical questions.
wells_fargo shares, which have been trading at a premium to rivals, changed hands at $31.81 by the close on wednesday, down about 1.5 per cent.
earnings yesterday from bank_of_america and pnc financial, the second and ninth-biggest us banks by assets, show that the final toll from lax lending in the run-up to the crisis is far from being realised.
jpmorgan has reached a tentative settlement of state and federal investigations over the sale of mortgage-backed securities that were at the heart of the financial crisis.jpmorgan has already taken a $9.2bn legal charge in the third quarter and, as such, experienced the first quarterly loss under boss jamie dimon .either jpmorgan is being made an example of or this is a prelude for what is to come for other banks as penance for their pre-crisis mortgage sins.
bank_of_america and citigroup yesterday did not dispel fears that us bank earnings would remain under pressure from turbulent markets, an uncertain economy and regulatory changes - in spite of better results than expected for the second quarter.
microsoft is to sue comet, the electrical retail chain, for producing 94,000 "counterfeit" windows software cds and selling them to its customers.
as chairman of the financial stability board, mr carney sparred with jamie dimon, jpmorgan chase's chief executive, last year over the global regulatory body's efforts to rein in the world's biggest banks with tougher capital and liquidity rules.
goldman fined $1.5m over former trader's position; banks
jpmorgan declined to comment.
ssp said the security breach was limited to its interface with google but that "as a precaution all integration with price comparison sites has been temporarily suspended".
but the first version of google tv made only a weak debut in the us last year, hampered by a lack of compelling apps and a user interface and hardware criticised for their complexity.
"sentiment on facebook is dreadful now," said brian wieser, an analyst with pivotal research. it continued to fall over the next few weeks, in part because of negative reports about facebook home, the app for android that replaces a phone's homescreen with facebook's news feed.on may 8, at&t lowered the price of the htc first, which included facebook home, from $99 to 99 cents.amid negative customer reviews, facebook decided on may 23 to postpone the device's european release .
conflict between the two companies erupted in april when apple sued samsung for allegedly "slavishly" copying the iphone and ipad with its galaxy products.samsung, the world's biggest technology company by sales, denies the charge and is countersuing, claiming apple has infringed its patents.
citigroup, bank_of_america and 15 other bailed-out financial services companies overpaid their top executives by $1.6bn during the height of the financial -crisis, according to a review by the white house's -special master on wall street pay.
but it would be wrong to judge the outcome of what amounts to a bet-the-farm gamble by microsoft on its initial reception.
a week dominated by fears of slowing european and global growth quickly shifted focus to the banks at the heart of wall street, as jpmorgan chase declared a $2bn trading loss on credit derivatives on thursday.
france's national commission for computing and civil liberties (cnil), the lead agency representing regulators in europe, has written to larry page , google's chief executive, saying it "deeply regrets that google did not delay the application of the new policy".
reporting its fiscal fourth-quarter results, apple said that it anticipated earnings of $11.75 a share in the next quarter, below analysts' expectations of $15.41 and the $13.87 reported a year earlier.
a judge in new york state supreme court yesterday awarded mr blavatnik $50m in damages, finding that jpmorgan had breached its investment guidelines when it invested $1bn of his money, some of it in subprime mortgage-backed securities which later incurred large losses. "i hope that this decision sends a clear message to jpmorgan that they have to honour their obligations to their clients," said mr blavatnik."there are a lot of people out there who, i understand, feel they have been wronged by jpmorgan but cannot afford to take on a huge bank. the decision comes as jpmorgan is reeling from lawsuits and probes by us authorities over allegations of misconduct, ranging from the "london whale" trading debacle to commodities markets manipulation.
delinquent mortgages leave bank_of_america battered
bank_of_america has been ordered to return $500m plus interest to the lehman brothers estate.
bank and securities regulators have been investigating whether jpmorgan properly disclosed to investors and regulators the scale of losses in derivatives trades by the bank's chief investment office. the federal housing finance agency, a government regulator, is seeking more than $6bn from jpmorgan for allegedly including faulty loans in mortgage-backed securities it sold to state-backed mortgage companies fannie mae and freddie mac.
overall profit reached $5.74bn, or 68 cents a share, marking the first time in more than a year that microsoft had not beaten the average wall street estimate. microsoft shares fell in after-hours trading after closing at $27.04, but recovered to $26.86, off less than 1 per cent.in addition to soft pc sales, microsoft was hurt by having a greater proportion of sales in emerging markets, where margins are thinner.
bank_of_america is facing difficulties in selling down its 10 per cent stake in china construction bank, partly because potential investors are expecting a deluge of rights issues, share sales and new listings from chinese banks.
in one case, a texas judge ruled wells_fargo had no right to foreclose on a homeowner because the bank was unable to prove it owned the loan."we mistakenly characterised the loan as ours when it was owned by freddie mac," wells_fargo said.
next year, the well-oiled apple hype machine will crank up again to prepare the way for its latest "revolutionary" product, be it a new phone, tablet or tv.yet after the stratospheric success of the past decade, apple is looking for new superlatives that can excite wall street as well as the high street.apple is good at two - hardware and software - and that made it the world's most valuable company," says a senior apple employee who left this year.this week citi reduced its apple earnings forecasts for the next two years by about 15 per cent and now expect its gross margins to fall from 43.9 per cent in the year to september to 39.5 per cent next year.
further slowdowns at the us group will pinch foxconn's sales, especially if the new phones apple is expected to reveal soon do not sell well, or are so low-priced as to do significant damage to apple's own margins, as some analysts fear, given the disappointing sales of the iphone 5.
a leading mp accused google of "devious, calculating and unethical" behaviour in a hearing at which the company denied trying to avoid tax by disguising the nature of its uk business.
apple is set to lose its crown as the world's most popular app platform to google in the next few months as its rival rapidly closes the downloading gap with the ipad maker.
the almost two dozen complaints against google are unmatched in volume by any other eu antitrust case.
ruane, cunniff & goldfarb, a fund manager with about $15bn under management, published a letter last month urging investors in goldman sachs to vote against the re-election of james johnson, goldman's longest-serving director, and a former chairman and chief executive of the mortgage group fannie mae.
bart chilton, one of the cftc's five commissioners, said the $1.5m fine was far too small to punish goldman for, or dissuade it from, "illegal activity".
in a statement on his facebook page, mr morsi called on all civilians and members of the military to reject the "coup".
mr blavatnik, whose business interests span warner music and chemicals group lyondellbasell, claims jpmorgan acted negligently by investing some of the $1bn he placed at the bank in risky assets, which later declined sharply in value.jpmorgan disputes the allegations.
mf global, a broker-dealer, on wednesday sold $325m of bonds with a large risk premium as well as an unusual provision tied to jon corzine, its chief executive, a former head of goldman sachs and governor of new jersey.
a tightening of the proposed regulations on google to resolve competition concerns in europe would risk stunting advances in online search just as a wave of innovation is set to transform the industry, the us company's top search engineer has warned.
goldman sachs has called an end to the correction in commodity markets , advising clients to buy oil, copper and zinc after a sharp fall in prices since the start of may.
apple filed the suit against samsung electronics in düsseldorf, claiming that the south korean company's new flagship galaxy tab 10.1 copied the ipad in design and feel.
an outside company that google had used to verify the legitimacy of pharmacy advertisers on friday blamed the search engine for allowing in rogue firms.
federal litigation on the dispute between citigroup and wells_fargo over the fate of wachovia was extended by two days.citigroup lost 10.2 per cent to $12.93 while wells_fargo sank 14.6 per cent to $27.25. as citigroup and wells_fargo tussle over wachovia, investors and executives are already assessing the repercussions of a highly unusual bid battle.
"combining personal data on such a large scale creates high risks to the privacy of users," wrote the working group article 29, which represents privacy officials in eu countries, in a three-page letter to larry page , google chief executive."we expect that google takes the necessary steps to improve information and clarify the -combination of data and, more generally, ensure compliance with data protection laws and principles. viviane reding, eu commissioner for justice, backed the national watchdogs' decision to hold google accountable."consumers have been kept in the dark about how much data google collects and what happens to that data and google's new privacy policy only further disguised what really happens when you use their services," said nick pickles, head of big brother watch, a privacy campaign group.
speaking at a google zeitgeist conference in hertfordshire, the chancellor said the government in general, and the treasury in particular, faced a constant barrage of online attacks , many of them appearing to come from foreign government agencies.
competing with microsoft will be a struggle, analysts say, particularly for acer, whose budget for product development and marketing pales in comparison.
jpmorgan chase shareholders suffered a further blow yesterday when the bank suspended its $15bn share buyback programme to preserve capital following its $2bn trading loss .
accounts containing $659m belonging to customers of mf global have turned up at jpmorgan chase, the failed broker-dealer's custody bank, according to a person familiar with the matter.
the bust in the eastern mediterranean followed exposures of the fixing of the london interbank offered rate and the $6bn losses on the jpmorgan chase " london whale " trades; each different in proximate cause, each representative of a rotten culture in parts of the financial system.
five of those banks - bny, bb&t, sovereign (now part of santander), wells_fargo and wachovia (now a wells_fargo subsidiary) - are contesting irs decisions to disallow tax credits produced by stars deals.
however, i can think of two things that are wrong with the facebook campaign - apart from the fact that it is sick-makingly twee.
microsoft shares were quiet yesterday even as the software company unveiled its latest operating system and first tablet device to consumers.
the us securities and exchange commission has dropped an investigation into a $1.3bn subprime deal put together by goldman sachs at the height of the mortgage boom.
goldman sachs has been forced to delay the launch of its corporate bond trading platform after a series of "logistical issues" beset the investment bank's foray into electronic fixed-income trading.
"someone tried to get between them and encrypted google services," google security official heather adkins wrote in a blog post.vasco told the idg technology news service the fake google certificate had been active only since sunday.
if the bulls' case is correct and officials have already examined the evidence on hudson and other cdos and decided not to take action, the second legal question is over testimony to congress from lloyd blankfein, chief executive, and other goldman bankers, which mr levin found "misleading".
the uncompromising stance of the jpmorgan board comes in spite of dissatisfaction about its performance in the wake of the whale affair, when traders lost more than $6bn betting on credit derivatives and regulators and politicians drew attention to lax risk management at the bank .
the disclosure comes as jpmorgan is already under intense scrutiny by authorities since its shock disclosure in may of more than $2bn in trading losses related to credit derivatives positions.
google declined to comment.
the chief executive of the west coast bank wells_fargo last week described the housing slump as the worst since the great depression.
patent battle with apple heats up
goldman purchased ariel in an effort to reduce its dependence on traditional investment banking and trading, but rules mandating higher regulatory capital requirements at global banks have led goldman into a swift turnround on its reinsurance business.
wells_fargo revised its results to take account of fresh investment losses, which pushed the shares down 5.1 per cent to $15.95 and left them on course for a weekly decline of 16.8 per cent.
the second company consists of most of the 46,000 other full-time apple employees, most of whom are in marketing and sales.as a supply chain expert, he pulled apple out of manufacturing in the late 1990s, and established these contract relationships.rather than owning plants or managing inventory or factory employees, mr cook corners the market in existing components, such as flash memory, and finances the expensive and exclusive production of new components so apple has access to them long before rivals do.bringing truckloads of cash to the low-margin manufacturing and assembly business buys apple a lot of loyalty and discipline.despite its west coast cool, apple has long had more in common with a well-drilled army, with the joint chiefs on top, the privates and contractors down below and a strict chain of command binding them together.separately, a court in the netherlands barred samsung from selling three smartphones that rival the iphone for infringing apple patents.
results at wells_fargo disappoint
microsoft loses eu antitrust appeal; software
the review found that weeks before his public resignation - when he railed against goldman staff who "care only about making money" - mr smith, who worked in derivatives sales, complained about his bonus and said he deserved to be paid more than $1m, according to people familiar with the matter.
windows 8 has been blamed for slumping pc sales and microsoft is planning to restore familiar features such as the start button in an update later this year.
bullying, manipulative, not above stealing the ideas of subordinates - even jonathan ive, the head of design at apple who became the closest jobs came to a soulmate, felt aggrieved on that score - he was frequently a nightmare to work or live with.
riding the wave of constant growth at google may not have adequately prepared her for the difficulties at yahoo, sceptics say.
google officials said the meeting coincided with a trip to london to promote his new book.
max mosley, the former head of formula one, is suing google over its "intransigent" refusal to prevent material about his sex life from featuring in its search results, the leveson inquiry heard on thursday.
brent price falls as goldman calls time on sustained gains; commodities; market reports
morgan stanley, goldman sachs and wells_fargo are likely to face strong regulatory pressure to join the panels of banks that help set the libor interbank lending rates as the uk moves to restore trust in the benchmark.
the national union of general workers (nambu), a multi-industry group, has confirmed that the goldman union has been set up under its umbrella. the dispute at goldman stems from a restructuring exercise in august last year when the bank asked staff who were losing their jobs to sign a voluntary resignation agreement.
"this [is] the biggest ad for goldman sachs, because they toughed it out, and they got the interest taken off," said margaret hodge, who chairs the public accounts committee."if i was sitting there at goldman sachs, i'd be sitting there rubbing my hands. anger grows over tax officials' goldman 'error'
microsoft cut the price of the rt by $150 last week, prompting a $900m writedown in the value of inventory.
jpmorgan walks on the riskier side
both facebook and google, which in june launched a competing service called google plus, have cracked down on people trying to use pseudonyms rather than full identities.
it might seem that holmes's strengths would have been undermined by dna and gps and cctv but series creators steven moffat and mark gatiss have designed the programmes so that he can make use of - in this episode - skype and google while continuing to specialise in forms of ratiocination of which the technology is, for the time being, incapable.
in a separate filing , jpmorgan said that it lost money on 28 days in the second quarter after the cio positions were discovered and were in the process of being unwound.
in early april, hedge funds complained that jpmorgan was distorting markets by a massive position in a credit derivatives index. but jpmorgan told analysts on a conference call on april 13 that the positions in the cio, run by london-based executive ina drew, were not dangerous. a financial times analysis of the 16 big banks in either the city or canary wharf shows that once jpmorgan has moved 8,000 of its 11,000 london employees into its new european headquarters at 25 bank street in july, the balance of bankers will have moved to "the wharf".
from tablet computing to online maps, microsoft has been a pioneer in promising new tech markets. former microsoft executives complain of insurmountable cultural and business hurdles. "these kinds of things get squelched, they get killed," says mr josefsberg, former general manager for azure, the software vital to microsoft extending its operating system business into the era of cloud computing.
he said apple and others in the industry would be affected by the monsoons and flooding in thailand, where the company sources disk drive components.he said apple was investigating the circumstances of a temporary factory shutdown by another supplier , taiwan-based unibody casing maker catcher technology, by chinese environmental authorities.
"these allegations are very serious," mrs clinton said, adding that the us was "very concerned about google's announcement regarding a campaign that the company believes originated in china to collect the passwords of google e-mail account holders".
for those such as nissan, nationwide and the many smaller companies who chose to suspend their facebook presence, support flooded in - alongside new offers of business.the response of several companies, such as dove, who said they would ask for their ads to be removed from the pages in question, but would not pull them from facebook altogether , showed a fundamental lack of understanding of how this advertising works.
french regulators have said that they will sanction google for failing to comply with the country's privacy laws, in a challenge to the sweeping overhaul the search company made to its data handling last year.
As a result, the S&P500 financials index dropped 5.2pc, its biggest one-day fall since July 2002.
just over a year on, and goldman is discovering what it is like to be on the other side of an embarrassing technology mishap that could lead to tens of millions of dollars in losses and risks damaging the investment bank's sterling reputation in risk management.
microsoft breached a voluntary deal with regulators when a 2011 software upgrade failed to reinstall the feature and the problem was not fixed for a year. the penalty came as it emerged microsoft was also fighting danish tax authorities over a claim of up to $1bn, including penalties for late payment of taxes.the dispute relates to valuation of intellectual property microsoft acquired as part its $1.3bn acquisition of navision, a danish business software company, in 2003.
my quick test of google now - which will officially be released in some handsets running google's android software in mid-july - suggests that the technology has a long way to go.
jpmorgan loss spurs risk model revision
and all the while, google will be gathering more and more data on your life.google proposes storing all your files in data centres, rather than on a computer's hard disk. the new chromebook has a more powerful processor and google says it operates at more than double the speed of the old laptop. on the software side, google has restored the desktop. with the app icons, i expected a redesigned program or app to appear when clicked, such as the improved youtube interface on google tv. the chromebook's speed is its greatest virtue, but with ultrabook laptops appearing with similar instant on features and the imminent windows 8 promising faster boot times and performance, google is in danger of becoming the pacemaker that eventually has to drop out of the race.
bnp paribas was the biggest faller on the ftse eurofirst 300, dropping 7.1 per cent to eur32.18 after bank_of_america merrill lynch reduced the bank's rating from "neutral" to "underperform".investors, analysts and industry rivals all want to know whether the bank_of_america chief executive will seek bankruptcy protection for countrywide, the mortgage provider that his group bought near the top of the market.
say the manufacturers were ultimately forced to pay just a $5 royalty per handset - htc is reportedly already paying that much to microsoft - to various patent holders.at first, glance not much: unlike the other names on that list you are unlikely to see pictures of the microsoft founder splashed all over the sun or people magazine.
in developed countries in particular, such as the us and western european nations, regions where facebook draws most of its revenues, some surveys indicate that some users may be suffering from facebook fatigue.
he attacks google for failing to pay more in taxes. google will be forced to change the way it presents search results in europe or face antitrust charges for "diverting traffic" to its own services, the eu's competition chief has said, laying out a sharply different approach from his us counterparts.
bofa shares fell 7.5 per cent to $6.38, citigroup fell 5.2 per cent to $25.52 and wells_fargo dropped 3.9 per cent to $23.71.
microsoft accused of limiting online access
highlight: macworld has lost much of its allure since apple announced it was pulling out in 2008 and it no longer upstages the annual consumer electronics show, as it did in 2007, when steve jobs unveiled the first iphone there.but the show continues to demonstrate that innovation abounds in the apple ecosystem.
us stocks fell as a rating downgrade for microsoft weighed on the technology sector and weakening metals prices pushed materials stocks lower. the tech sector fell 1.1 per cent with windows and office software group microsoft off 1.9 per cent to $23.91 after goldman sachs downgraded the company to "neutral" and cut its price target.
a newcomer to the dow, goldman sachs , fell 2.4 per cent to $158.32 after reporting that a drop in fixed-income trading had hit the bank's revenue.goldman was able to beat expectations with earnings per share of $2.88.
more than half of financial services groups in the uk have poorly applied or no controls for managing business-critical spreadsheets, leaving them open to the problems that led to the trading losses at jpmorgan chase 's london office last year, says a report.
one can only guess, since jpmorgan did not care to elaborate either on the reasoning or the details of the auction.perhaps the basic problem is that jpmorgan has been trying to solve a collective bargaining problem by negotiating on behalf of all the employees concerned - but it lacks the legal power to enforce that bargain.quite what information jpmorgan is hoping to elicit from its staff is unclear to me.
goldman sachs' principal problem
mr blankfein, who has led the bank since 2006, received a $2m salary and $3m cash bonus for 2011, according to a proxy statement filed by goldman yesterday. goldman has been slashing expenses as it grapples with new regulations that are expected to hit its traditional moneymaking businesses. the decline in mr blankfein's compensation was in line with the collective drop for other executive officers, including president gary cohn and chief financial officer david viniar, goldman said.mr blankfein's dual position at the bank has been criticised by afscme , a union pension fund that holds shares in the bank and had been pressing goldman to split the roles of chairman and chief executive.
the us department of justice has sued wells_fargo for hundreds of millions of dollars, alleging the bank engaged in "reckless" lending practices that defrauded a government insurance programme.
jpmorgan trading revenue to decline 30%
defending apple against allegations that it shifts us profits to low-tax countries - and then shuffles its huge cash flow through a series of irish entities so that it often does not face any tax bill at all - left mr cook at times struggling to defend the indefensible.
epeat green registry also this year apple admitted a mistake in withdrawing some desktop and laptop computer models from an environment registry for electronics.apple has been accused by influential technology commentators of putting corporate interests ahead of its customers' by ousting google maps. in yesterday's open letter on apple's website, mr cook suggested that customers should continue to use google maps through a web app, as well as suggesting other alternatives by smartphone rivals, including nokia and microsoft, while apple works to fix the problem.
she said she was blocked from asking questions of goldman and from making an examination finding that the bank had no firm-wide policy to deal with conflicts of interest.
in the complaint , she said a new york fed official "became concerned large numbers of consumers and clients would discontinue use of goldman's services if they knew goldman had no effective way of managing conflicts of interest in financial transactions".
citigroup fell 7.6 per cent to $29.41, and bank_of_america fell 6.1 per cent to $7.14.
earlier this month the us attorney's office in manhattan charged two former london-based jpmorgan traders with falsifying the bank's books by inflating the value of credit derivative positions to avoid reporting hundreds of millions of dollars in losses.
bank_of_america cut its 12-month target price for facebook to $23 from $35, while bmo set a new price target of $15 from its previous level of $19.08.over the week, bank_of_america dropped 2.1 per cent to $7.99, while citigroup ticked down 0.4 per cent to $29.71.the stock dipped further away from the closely watched support level of $20, after bank_of_america and bmo spelt out a dimmer outlook for the company. bank_of_america cut its 12-month target price for facebook to $23 from $35, while bmo set a new price target of $15 from its previous level of $19.08.
a hacking group has claimed it breached corporate security at apple and has published what it said were two dozen administrator names and apparently encrypted passwords for a server at the us technology group.
"the percentage of production likely to be shifted by apple from asia to the us in 2013 is likely to be negligible, both for the company and for pc industry at large," said craig stice, analyst at ihs isuppli.apple drops by 6 per cent, as it did on wednesday, and $35bn flaps off to money heaven.among the ideas thrown at the wall on the day: nokia struck a deal to offer smartphones with microsoft's operating system on china mobile's network; apple has not come to terms with the chinese mega-carrier.apple stock's 50- and 100-day moving averages are converging, threatening to form a "death cross".investors think apple will not pay a special dividend this year.
apple lost a high-profile court battle yesterday, when a us federal judge ruled that it violated antitrust law by playing a leading role in a conspiracy with publishers to increase the price of ebooks.
goldman sachs' interest rate divergence indicator - measuring cross-border variations in interest rates charged by eurozone banks on a variety of business loans - also dipped initially.
bob diamond, its president, dismissed speculation that strong first-quarter results from goldman sachs and wells_fargo were a "one-off" as the global credit crunch spreads to the wider economy.
a powerful us congressional committee has blamed jon corzine, former chief executive of mf global, for the futures broker's collapse in a withering attack on the character of a man who had scaled the heights of both wall street, becoming a senior executive at goldman sachs, and american politics.
jpmorgan certainly does appear to have plenty of questions to answer with regards to visible and misjudged positioning in the cds index market, but this particular story was ill-judged.
the irony is that samsung itself has been a follower in its attempts to emulate apple in tablets and smartphones and has yet to come up with a revolutionary product of its own in the same way that sony produced the walkman and apple the iphone and ipad."it will be hard for apple to come up with revolutionary products every time, especially with steve jobs gone," says peter yu, an analyst at bnp paribas in seoul.
the sec's civil fraud complaint against jpmorgan alleged it misled investors when the bank created a mortgage-related security for magnetar, an illinois hedge fund that was betting against the deal.jpmorgan was not charged with intentional misconduct, and settled without admitting or denying wrongdoing, and had was not charged with intentional misconduct.
jpmorgan chase launched wall street's earnings season with what jamie dimon, chief executive, called "modestly disappointing" results, as weak trading in its investment bank contributed to a 23 per cent year-on-year drop in fourth-quarter net income .
the scale of the $2bn loss at jpmorgan chase last week is likely to accelerate plans by global regulators to force banks to improve their trading risk models - a move that could sharply raise costs and capital requirements for big banks worldwide.
mr chang later forwarded them previews of unpublished estimates, in which he cut his apple iphone order forecasts by 26.7 per cent, a day before they were published.
this raises a final concern, one never voiced by jobs, about apple launching a smaller ipad - how the company is perceived in the post-jobs era.
a popular new egyptian facebook page is entitled "obama supports terrorism in egypt" and includes a photo of the us president dressed like an islamist - egyptian liberals making common cause with stereotypes of the us far right.
even if a company such as google lets its users, in principle, take their data to other services if they wish, in practice the heavy weight of inertia makes it unlikely many will take up the offer.
wells_fargo latest to cut pay-out
bank_of_america is on course to cut more than 15,000 jobs by the end of the year as part of its costcutting drive , according to people familiar with the situation.
apple has admitted it made a mistake in withdrawing from an environmental registry that threatened to prevent sales of its mac computers to government agencies.
the stock dipped further away from the closely watched support level of $20 after bank_of_america and bmo spelt out a dimmer outlook for the company.
bc partners, which was criticised for its ill-timed £360m buyout of foxtons in 2007, has been in talks with bank_of_america and mizuho about buying back the equity the banks took over in 2009.
jpmorgan chase, the bank that lost at least $5.8bn through a massive credit derivatives position created by a trader nicknamed the "london whale" , has filed a lawsuit against his boss.
apple investors were rattled yesterday as worries about falling earnings were compounded by poor results from a supplier and fresh criticism in china.
google shocked wall street on thursday with a big shortfall in its latest earnings, as an unexpected slump in pricing in its core search advertising business combined with slowing growth internationally and another jump in costs to dent recent optimism about the company's prospects.
last week goldman sachs substantially revised downwards its estimates for year-on-year growth in the eurozone for 2012, from 1.3 per cent to 0.1 per cent.
wells_fargo , which has yet to disclose fourth-quarter earnings, lost 23.8 per cent to $14.23 after fbr analysts became the latest to warn of higher credit losses and the threat of a dividend cut.
sandy villere iii, manager of the villere balanced fund, said that along with many jpmorgan investors he was conflicted about mr dimon's dual positions, but plans to back the status quo. scott o'malia, a commissioner on the commodity futures trading commission, said that the "problem is so bad" that the agency has not been able to find the jpmorgan chase trades entered into by a group of traders led by the "london whale" that led to more than $6bn in losses.
the financial services authority said a manager of the jpmorgan print room, ersin mustafa, was not only his source but also passed inside information to a separate group of six who were convicted of insider dealing last summer.
bank_of_america is cutting 3,500 jobs this quarter as the biggest us lender by assets seeks to rein in expenses amid lingering mortgage losses and a darkening economic outlook.
with hindsight, trading on the basis of google search volumes would have led to significant gains, mr preis said. google releases data each week showing the volume of searches for specific keywords, providing the raw material for the analysis. google rivals in rearguard fight over eu antitrust pact
"the ipad is facing unprecedented competition, the ipod is trending down and the iphone is also facing impressive rivals, so it's time for apple to come up with its next horse to ride," says rob enderle, technology analyst with the enderle group."it's the first time it has needed to do this since steve jobs' departure, so this will be critical in showing whether apple has a near-term bright future or one of slow decline. the big expectation is that apple will break into the television market, something that other technology companies such as dell, gateway, hp, intel and google have failed to do.
the operation by regulators on tuesday follows allegations this year from two korean internet companies that google unfairly uses its android operating system to block competitors to its search and other services on smartphones.
the charges that wells_fargo collects from depositors dipped 24 per cent compared with a year ago, due to new regulations that restrict overdraft and other fees.additional rules currently being written by the federal reserve that will limit so-called swipe fees on debit card transactions will cost wells_fargo $325m per quarter after taxes in lost revenue, more than the $250m after-tax quarterly revenue loss that the bank had previously predicted.
europe's top antitrust enforcer yesterday delivered an ultimatum to google to put its house in order or risk hefty fines, in the most significant transatlantic competition spat since brussels waged its legal war with microsoft a decade ago. europe's top antitrust enforcer yesterday delivered an ultimatum to google to put its house in order or risk hefty fines, in the most significant transatlantic competition spat since brussels waged its legal war with microsoft a decade ago.
the european commission served a "statement of objections" against the mobile handset maker for abusing its dominant position by seeking and enforcing an injunction against apple in germany over a wireless patent that is part of an industry standard.
apple is due to report its quarterly results next week, with analysts estimating a 3 per cent decline in earnings, according to factset.
the face-off pits kkr and tpg, two of the world's most established private equity groups, alongside goldman sachs, against some of the smartest debt investors, a group which includes apollo capital, centerbridge, the gso arm of blackstone, and oaktree capital. at the time that kkr, tpg and goldman were working on the deal, david foley, who runs energy investing at their rival blackstone, presciently told his colleagues that buying txu was simply an expensive bet on gas prices, and therefore too risky.
google hits obstacles in push into india
apple sales figures spark fears over growth; shares fall 10% as it warns of slowdown
almost immediately institutions that dwarfed lehman in size - potentially, aig, citigroup and bank_of_america - would certainly have collapsed. bank_of_america is to test new pricing packages modelled on mobile phone service contracts, in the hope of clawing back some of the $4.3bn in revenue it expects to lose as a result of new federal restrictions on bank and credit card fees.
wells_fargo lost 0.1 per cent to $35.81, while jpmorgan chase fell 0.1 per cent to $41.66. wells_fargo and jpmorgan chase are the first banks to start wall street's earnings season, with results expected to be lifted by improved capital markets and buoyant mortgage activity, writestom braithwaite .
minutes later, a technical glitch disrupted the start of trading in facebook shares on nasdaq, beginning a series of embarrassments that has undermined the exchange's status and raised questions over mr greifeld's 10-year tenure at the company.
the south korea probe comes as google and apple prepare to testify next week at a us senate hearing on mobile privacy. companies such as google and apple are racing to offer more tailored advertisements to specific consumers based on where they are and have been accused of overstepping privacy laws in the process. google already faces several probes in south korea.police said google had collected location information and other data from 600,000 wireless internet users with its street view cars.
"market segmentation remains, divergence in bank lending rates persists and, as a result, immediate growth prospects in the periphery are bleak," said huw pill, european economist at goldman sachs, who was a senior monetary policy official at the ecb.
the gome and buynow cases mark the first time microsoft is suing retailers in china, lawyers said.
the us credit-union industry's top regulator sued jpmorgan on monday, alleging it mis-sold mortgage-backed securities, and the bank is also part of an inquiry by new york's attorney-general into industry mortgage practices.
to use popular apps such as spotify or yahoo news reader, people were forced to give permission to the app to automatically post on their behalf what music they had listened to or what news articles they had read to their facebook pages.
it is an ominous phrase, coming at the same time as edward snowden's claims that the national security agency had access to information from the servers of internet companies such as facebook, google, microsoft and yahoo.
the more muted buzz around the debut concerned investors because the iphone now accounts for nearly half of apple's revenue, and indeed some queues at apple stores were shorter this year.
mr hannam, a former special forces soldier, as a banker at jpmorgan chase, helped bring about the merger with cazenove in 2004. the president of the american museum of natural history sits on jpmorgan chase's risk committee and some observers think she should not be there.
goldman sachs slips back despite big jump in third-quarter earnings; wall street
microsoft faces uphill climb to stay ahead of the game
as for the rest of us, who surely believe that goldman is a breeding ground for the arrogant and the greedy, we take mr smith's words, forget they are empty and dubious, and treat them as gospel.
in december, bank_of_america agreed to pay $137m to settle similar claims, followed in may by ubs, which agreed to pay $160m.
goldman insiders say neither is on the cards. when hank paulson left goldman to become treasury secretary in 2006 it was widely known that mr blankfein was ready to take the reins. this week, g4s announced a deeply discounted rights issue to buy iss, owned by eqt, the private equity arm of sweden's wallenberg family, and gs capital partners, a unit of goldman sachs. goldman sachs hit by $428m net loss
wells_fargo , the biggest bank on the west coast, said second-quarter profits dropped 23 per cent to $1.75bn, hit by the tough housing market in california, but that was a smaller fall than had been expected. wells_fargo results lift banks
prosecutors have alleged rajat gupta, the former goldman director, warned his former business associate raj rajaratnam, founder of the galleon group hedge fund, that goldman was losing $2 a share in october 2008, when analysts were anticipating the bank to turn a profit.
jpmorgan chase has agreed to pay $100m and accepted its "london whale" trading episode had a "manipulative" effect on credit derivatives markets in a settlement with the commodity futures trading commission, according to people familiar with the situation.
apple shares continued their slide from the previous session and fell below the $500 level, erasing gains for the past 11 months.
with no boost to earnings before 2012 expected from a microsoft launch, arm is "not one for regular investors but for those who play on the edge", it concluded.
us equities struggled to find a direction after morgan stanley reported a third successive quarterly loss and wells_fargo suffered further credit losses.
but texts, blogs, emails and facebook posts are infecting other kinds of writing, and mostly for the good."major memory for microblogs"*, a recent article in the academic journal memory & cognition, found that people were much better at remembering casual writing like facebook posts or forum comments than lines from books or journalism." that's probably why twitter, facebook and reality tv are successful.
on tuesday goldman sachs flooded us options markets with unintended orders because of software bugs.then goldman sachs unleashed a rogue algorithm that caused chaos through the options market. the situation at goldman this week also led to confusion and arguments with exchanges over the right way to deal with a flood of at least 800,000 options trades, hundreds of times the usual volume of trading in just 17 minutes on tuesday morning.
jpmorgan chase is spinning out the "special investments group" from its troubled chief investment office as executives clean up the division that caused $2bn trading losses, say people familiar with the matter.
mr mack joins from goldman sachs.analysts who reckoned goldman sachs was going to make about $2.50 per share are now barely pencilling in a profit.
people familiar with discussions between the bank and regulators including the us securities and exchange commission said jpmorgan had conceded it would have to pay some money and acknowledge failures around disclosure and controls over the $6bn losses racked up by uk-based traders.
The Dow closed down 148.15 at 8000.86, the S&P500 fell 19.26 at 825.88 and the Nasdaq finished down 31.42 at 1476.42.
companies that depend on monetising user data, such as google and facebook, would be badly hit. google and apple lower ad costs
the fear among the brokers and creators of derivatives notes sold to individual investors is that they are perceived as the microsoft to cash investments' apple - the ungainly and fussy alternative to the simple and efficient - the financial equivalent of a zune, not an ipod.
in china, apple already trails samsung and has begun losing ground to local brands, most notably xiaomi, whose phones are considered chic although they retail for less than $300. apple has the balance between evolution and revolution about right with ios7. apple risks backlash with ios7 redesign; mobile & telecoms
a senior democrat in congress has criticised a recent lawsuit filed by new york's attorney-general against jpmorgan chase, saying it would be unfair to punish the bank for alleged misdeeds committed by a company it was asked to acquire during the financial crisis.
now there's a carrot in the shape of new revenue streams when their core revenues are stagnant and a stick of other big players like google and apple making ground," he says.
google glass is a technically impressive achievement yet, in the wrong context, it risks looking like a gimmick.what goes for google goes for the rest of the marketing world.
stock market reaction to the us toxic assets plan suggests investors believe the wall street firmsgoldman sachs and morgan stanley will benefit, while their commercial banking rivals citigroup, wells_fargo and bank of america will suffer.
the hackers said they had obtained the database of apple device-identifiers from an fbi agent's laptop.apple is preparing to phase out udids. researchers say that apple faces increasing attack from hackers and viruses.
tim cook, apple chief executive, has described efforts to create hybrid laptop-tablet combinations that can take full advantage of windows 8 as being as unsatisfactory as combining a toaster and a refrigerator.
"each time a user searches on google they are choosing to do so, and they can switch at zero cost. google faces antitrust probe in us
microsoft has attempted in recent weeks to counter rising investor unrest and convince wall street that its directors have a firm grip on the company as it pushes ahead with an overhaul and leadership change.mr gates's stake in microsoft has fallen to 5.5 per cent, less than half its level of a decade ago, though he remains the company's biggest individual shareholder.
ahead of a contentious shareholder vote next week on whether to install an independent chairman at jpmorgan , mr cavanagh told a ubs conference: "it's something that should be for the board to decide. jpmorgan has been hit with an avalanche of regulatory inquiries and enforcement action, not confined to the trading losses last year, which cost the bank more than $6bn and triggered the departure of senior executives.
Fannie, Freddie To Be Ousted From S&P500 National Post's Financial Post & FP Investing (Canada) September 11, 2008 Thursday
the problem google that had set out to solve, said mr bernoff, was that: "on facebook you talk to everyone, and figuring out which group to talk to is challenging. google is pinning much of its hope on a user interface known as circles, designed to make it easier to organise friends, family members and other contacts into smaller sub-groups. alongside circles, google is relying on a small number of other compelling features to draw users to its network. with its latest assault on facebook, however, google has opted to call on all the weapons at its disposal, regardless of who may be damaged in this battle between the internet's twin giants.
the market capitalisation, when i last looked, was $197bn, putting google in fourth place behind apple, microsoft and ibm.
but if you do accept mr dimon's words at face value - that he was taken aback - this begs an even bigger question: if a bank such as jpmorgan cannot manage its own risk, with a chief executive like mr dimon, what does that say about the state of the rest of the banking industry?
asked whether apple executives were inaccurate when they told a us senate hearing the company had negotiated a special deal with dublin to lower its corporate taxes, mr kenny said he "disagreed" with what was said in washington.
wells_fargo is fighting the allegations.
however, despite mr cook's reputation for mastery of the supply chain, updating almost every apple product simultaneously has taken its toll on profit margins.
however, the regulators' chances of building a case against google for abusing its power in display appear slim, particularly given its recent decision not to pursue google over search advertising, according to two people close to the situation who are not connected to google.
the footballer denied all the accusations in a statement on his facebook page, saying he had only learnt about the accusations through the media.
goldman confronted a dilemma in the 1990s and 2000s: stay small and get outmuscled by competitors or get big and conflicted. he provides an adequate list of the conflicts that arise when you underwrite debt, advise on deals and take your own proprietary positions - a greater spectrum of entanglements than existed before goldman decided to become more international and go public.in the process of becoming big, for example, goldman started providing financing to private equity firms and struggled to maintain a separation between the teams working on the deals.goldman has never succeeded in resolving this dilemma.
google has hit back at government attempts to make it do more to remove illicit file-sharing websites from search results , saying it would be unworkable to block entire sites.
the loss took place in the bank's chief investment office, which jpmorgan says is charged with managing and offsetting the vast amounts of "credit exposure" the bank incurs through its daily business of lending and investing on behalf of clients.jpmorgan has described its trading as a hedge - not a "proprietary" trade, or bet, made to boost its own profit.jpmorgan says it plans to manage the trade over the course of 2012, but noted losses "could easily get worse" and possibly total another $1bn in the second quarter. risky assets showed some resilience in the wake of heavy trading losses at jpmorgan chase. jpmorgan woes serve to put pressure on financials
in the event, the social networking company's stock market debut in may quickly turned to disaster - and neither the illustrious wall street names standing behind the share sale nor facebook itself were able to escape blame.
the ftc , which has brought privacy cases against google and facebook , is seen by many experts as an agency that has tried to be an effective privacy enforcer but has limited power.
there is a problem with this approach, however: it would force microsoft to admit to its bigger strategic problem.it is not too late to reverse course - though less easy to see how microsoft can overcome the bigger strategic problem that windows 8 was meant to solve.
bofa has argued that it does not have "successor liability" for countrywide, in the same way that jpmorgan argued it should not be punished for the actions of wamu. both jpmorgan and bofa declined to comment
goldman accused, page 2
already the samsung galaxy tab is taking enough market share that apple has accelerated a defence of its intellectual property in the courts, where it claims the korean company, the world's top technology company by sales, stole features of apple's design.
dozens of companies including british telecom, and facebook complained the original draft bill was unworkable and privacy campaigners said allowing law enforcers to "snoop" on the time, date and duration of internet communications breached civil liberties.
the chinese think-tank said that while android was an open system, "its core technology and technology road map are strictly controlled by google and our [operating systems] development companies often face commercial discrimination, delays in sharing codes and restrictions on device makers through commercial agreements".
a leader in the smartphone software world before the iphone was launched three years ago, microsoft has since seen its market share collapse to barely 5 per cent.
george canellos, the sec's co-director of enforcement, pointedly referred to executives at jpmorgan "grappling with how to fix its internal control breakdowns and disclose the full scope of its . even while holding an audit committee meeting to discuss the trading loss, jpmorgan executives failed to tell directors that they had hired an external law firm to probe disclosure and valuation issues.
it's a catch-22 situation, says francesco garzarelli, co-head of macro and markets research at goldman sachs in london.
jpmorgan is midway through the process of moving staff from the city to its 33-floor canary wharf tower block, formerly the headquarters of lehman brothers in europe. wall street banks should be forced to cease their trading operations, a us bank regulator has said, spurring renewed fears among bank executives that government officials will force them to shed lucrative units in the wake of jpmorgan chase's unexpected trading losses.
pc makers had hoped the new microsoft operating system would reignite the market when it was introduced last october, but it has had the opposite effect, according to idc, the research company.
google tv lost another partner this month when intel dissolved its digital home group and said it would stop focusing on producing microprocessors for internet tvs.
opponents of the skype deal revived in their complaints many of the eu battles against microsoft since the 1990s, arguing the group was "bundling" software in a manner the commission stopped with respect to its internet browser and media player.
the court, which is the highest instance for appeals, said this did not mean that google had been wrong to develop its autocomplete feature, but "it has not taken sufficient measures to prevent the software-generated search suggestions from infringing on the rights of third parties. the ruling has implications for a case brought by bettina wulff, ex-wife of a former german president, who is suing google because her name generated autocomplete suggestions including "red light past" and "escort" that referred to allegations about her past which she has denied.
apple has arranged a press event in beijing for this morning that has spurred hopes of such a deal but some analysts speculated that the device was not cheap enough to win over the world's largest mobile operator.
while apple's share of the chinese smartphone market has more than doubled during the past two years, samsung managed to increase its piece of the pie more than fourfold during the same period, and in the third quarter of 2011, apple fell behind both samsung and huawei, the chinese telecoms equipment maker.
the us government sued bank_of_america yesterday, alleging it committed fraud by packing mortgage-backed securities with loans it knew to be "toxic waste".
the high court has said google and its peers are responsible for defamatory comments posted on websites i n a ruling described as "bad news" for internet companies .
wells_fargo was one of the day's biggest losers, dropping 4.8 per cent to $26.21 - its biggest slide in two weeks. highlight: speculation that wells_fargo will sell shares
microsoft had undermined its mainframe computing business with the fast-growing, fashionable personal computer.well, the absolute last thing microsoft needs is the last chief executive's vision for it to create "a family of devices and services for individuals and businesses.the only decent device microsoft ever created was the xbox games console and that contributes a derisory amount to the company's profits. remember the fiascos that pass for microsoft consumer products?microsoft used to rely on individuals being forced into windows because it was what they used at work.it's enough to drive any self-respecting microsoft executive mad, which could explain windows 8.
blavatnik accuses jpmorgan over losses; banks
interdealer broker tullett prebon was one of its biggest fallers yesterday, down 5.4 per cent at 310¾p after the goldman note on the financial sector cut its price target on the stock from 400p to 360p.
while samsung or apple launches are front-page stories - samsung's galaxy siii was released this week in europe to fanfare - htc, number three, is barely mentioned.the phones now heading to the us (the customs review that held them up was part of an apple patent lawsuit) are crucial to its comeback.apple scores more than four-fifths on both counts.
but with apple threatening to disrupt the way of doing business on which its fortune is founded, microsoft may have little choice.
wells_fargo shed 6.2 per cent yesterday to $15.76, taking its loss for the week to 17.7 per cent, as investors had their first chance to respond after the bank revised its results to take account of fresh investment losses.
if jpmorgan shareholders opt for an independent chairman at the company's annual meeting in florida this month - and that's still an "if" - the chances are that person will hail from a less sprawling bank than mr dimon's, or from another walk of life altogether.
as chairman of the financial stability board, mr carney sparred with jamie dimon, jpmorgan chase's chief executive, last year over the global regulatory body's efforts to rein in the world's biggest banks with tougher capital and liquidity rules.
goldman sachs has been ordered by a us regulator to pay $1.5m for failing to stop a former trader from hiding an $8.3bn position five years ago.
when fabrice tourre steps into a lower manhattan courtroom today, all of goldman sachs's finely crafted public relations work of the past few months could count for little.
however, goldman expected both these fears to be allayed after bskyb delivers quarterly results next month. goldman also argued that the shares were trading at a 30 per cent premium to the european market compared with a 50 per cent premium before the downturn.
mps on monday accused mr inglese and mr hartnett of failing to take proper legal advice on the goldman settlement before it was agreed, in an at times heated hearing.
the massachusetts high court ruled that wells_fargo and us bancorp wrongly foreclosed on two homeowners in a case that could have wide implications for the way homes are repossessed.
jpmorgan loses faith in catholic fund as collections come up short
bank_of_america suffered its fourth largest single-day loss of the year, at one point coming within touching distance of its year low of $6.31, as it struggled to manage bad news.
ferc staff accused blythe masters, a senior jpmorgan executive and a well-known name on wall street, of lying under oath to the commission, according to a government document previously reported by the new york times.
last week, wells_fargo cancelled its $3 pilot programme in five states, while jpmorgan chase and citigroup have decided against charges.
it dwarfs the amount that jpmorgan is expected to have to pay to settle regulatory action over its "london whale" trading scandal and exceeds the penalties for its alleged manipulation of commodities markets .
one former senior executive that we spoke to related how, in the years when google and apple were on the rise, discussion of new business opportunities at high-level strategy sessions inside microsoft tended to be dominated by one consideration: how to reinforce the position of windows.viewed through such a lens, it's no surprise microsoft failed to latch on to promising new markets early enough, or that enterprising executives quit in frustration.
google shares last notched up a record close of $741.79 on november 6 2007, but fell back as the financial crisis triggered a severe advertising downturn.costcutting and streamlining at motorola mobility, the mobile handset and set-top box company google acquired earlier this year, have also calmed fears aroused by the deal, he added.
S&P500 up and away but nearing plateau, say analysts; Ben Potter Australian Financial Review May 6, 2013 Monday
goldman announces cut in number of new partners
the federal reserve told jpmorgan to suspend its buyback to preserve capital until it can prove that it has a grip on the losses, which have reached $5.8bn, the bank said during its earnings presentation a week ago.
apple said that it would appeal against the judge's decision."apple did not conspire to fix ebook pricing and we will continue to fight against these false accusations," tom neumayr, for apple said.
mr smith admitted microsoft had "not been shy" about expressing its views, but said: "the open investigation is in europe, so it made sense to go there. microsoft pointed publicly to six examples that it said showed that google was abusing its dominant position in search, though its official, private complaint lists more than 20 cases in all.
apple has warned that its rapid sequence of product launches, including the iphone 5 and ipad mini, would put its profitability under pressure in the run-up to christmas.
goldman said its backlog of investment banking business had "declined slightly" compared with the second quarter.
jpmorgan chase's performance in the crisis gave it and jamie dimon, its boss, a claim to being better bankers than their rivals.that "value at risk", a measure jpmorgan pioneered, failed to flag the impending loss shows how hard it is to keep risk in check, even for the most diligent banker. jpmorgan chase added to an increasingly negative mood on wall street yesterday as its shares fell as much as 3.3 per cent with us equities sinking to their lowest level in more than three months.
nasdaq omx is preparing to pay a fine of up to $10m to us regulators for its handling of the botched facebook initial public offering in what would be the largest penalty paid by a us exchange operator.
but his relationship with jpmorgan chief executive jamie dimon , which has been rocky at times but has included moments in which the president has singled mr dimon out for praise, could complicate the white house's calculation.
the us electricity regulator has subpoenaed jpmorgan chase twice in the past three months as it probes whether the bank manipulated power markets in california and the midwest region, court filings showed.
named by george osborne at the annual google zeitgeist conference as an adviser on digital government and governance, beth noveck, who led president barack obama's open government initiative tweeted: "chancellor says uk 2 b 'world leader in open data' and 'open source policymaking'. george osborne has highlighted the threat that hacking poses at a google event, revealing that the government receives more than 20,000 malicious e-mails a month. google accused over pharma ads
facebook out of favour after reporting quarterly results; wall street
"businesses are faced with the challenge of getting people to return and remain active within their app," facebook said.
but mr breyer's sales, the largest sold by a facebook executive or director for individual gain, have garnered less attention.
jamie dimon's future as chairman of jpmorgan chase suffered a setback when a second shareholder advisory group recommended he be stripped of the role.
goldman sachs reported a loss of 84 cents a share for the third quarter compared with earnings per share of $2.98 in the same period last year.the weak performance might have avoided feeding further outrage among the demonstrators but the question for investors is whether goldman is suffering a temporary blip from dire markets or starting to see significant threats.
pandora media investors took fright at the prospect of competition from apple in the internet radio market, sending the stock tumbling 17 per cent.
people familiar with discussions between the bank and regulators including the us securities and exchange commission said jpmorgan had conceded it would have to pay some money and acknowledge failures around disclosure and controls over the $6bn losses racked up by uk-based traders.
london faces tough competition from dublin, whose lower corporation tax rate has attracted facebook, google and this week twitter to open offices. google denies favouritism charge
however, people familiar with the situation said the volcker rule was navigable for jpmorgan - particularly given loopholes that allow companies to maintain long-term "merchant banking" investments.
modest profit for microsoft as pc sales slow
apple is due to report its quarterly results next week, with analysts estimating a 3 per cent decline in earnings, according to factset. apple shares continued their slide from the previous session, dragging broader indices down, and fell below the $500 level, erasing gains for the past 11 months.
jpmorgan fired mr martin-artajo and mr iksil in july 2012 and restated its earnings. lawyers for two former jpmorgan chase employees facing possible criminal charges tied to the $6bn "london whale" trading loss said yesterday their europe-based clients were neither in hiding nor seeking to evade authorities.
in the new arrangement, jpmorgan would be unable to invest in the unit's funds, but it would still benefit from a slice of the fees they earned from clients.
jpmorgan had to restate its earnings for the first quarter of 2012, and unwound the trades at a loss of $6bn.jpmorgan is expected to pay a fine and admit failures in its compliance system as part of settlements with the sec and us attorney's office.two prime traders in jpmorgan chase's " london whale " misadventure have been indicted.true, jpmorgan is well capitalised so a $6bn loss was painful but not life threatening; and, the indictment says, the deception was sized in hundreds of millions of dollars.indicting the jpmorgan traders for the failure to disclose was not a way at getting at activity that was at base illegal, because it was not.just when bankers could again begin to mention their occupation in polite company, sir adam's self-serving whinge - and the ongoing revelations about the jpmorgan "whale" affair - remind us why such opprobrium has been heaped upon bankers.
many analysts are predicting that june will see the "trough" in apple's current earnings drop, with barclays warning that apple might guide below the current consensus for revenues and margins.
it emerged in court that the revenue had brought its initial proceedings against goldman in the london county court, a forum normally reserved for smaller civil disputes.
financial stocks lost ground in the session, led by wells_fargo after the bank announced that howard atkins, chief financial officer, was retiring.
while microsoft has rushed out modifications in the past couple of weeks to ensure the windows 8 launch is compliant, the timing of the brussels intervention is an embarrassing and unwelcome reminder of its record as an antitrust delinquent. mr almunia gave the warning as he issued formal charges against microsoft for flouting a landmark 2009 antitrust settlement that required it to offer consumers a choice of web browsers.the release of a "statement of objections" is largely a procedural formality, as microsoft has already apologised for failing to include a "browser choice" screen in 28m versions of windows delivered this year, contrary to assurances it gave brussels.
lee robinson, the outspoken hedge fund manager, has thumbed his nose at the investment banking group that once backed him - goldman sachs - with the launch of a new venture.
another google adversary, who declined to be named, said: "this plays straight into google's hands. fair search , an alliance of google rivals including microsoft, expedia and nokia, said it would continue to press for a stronger requirement that would force google to treat its in-house services the same as all other content on the web. some rivals also warned that google now looked set for a prolonged antitrust battle, whatever the outcome of the current fight.
but maybe the knowledge that microsoft is gaining as it piles up the losses - mapping the internet and studying computer users' behaviour - will have value down the road. microsoft reports first loss since 1986 listing despite record sales
apple was ordered to pay won40m ($35,000) in damages while samsung was told to pay won25m.in contrast, the communications technology that prompted the injunction against apple would be "very difficult to design around", he said.
facebook will face steep competition from other social networks that focus on images, such as pinterest and flickr. facebook introduces $1 fee to make new contact; media
In their worst one-year periods, the top 59 funds underperformed the S&P500 by margins of between 6.5 to 44.1 per cent.America's S&P500 index, which leads the rest of the world, has had a turbulent start to the year because of worries about the state of the American housing market and fears over an economic slowdown.
the us department of justice has sued wells_fargo for hundreds of millions of dollars, alleging that the bank engaged in "reckless" lending practices that defrauded a government insurance programme.
according to european commission competition boss joaquín almunia a list of 13 institutions (starting with "b" for bank_of_america and ending with "u" for ubs) blocked companies such as deutsche börse and cme group from offering exchange-traded cdss between 2006 and 2009.
not so cool - samsung win over apple puts ipad in different galaxy
the talks remain in flux and it is unclear if the offer will satisfy mr almunia, or if google has been prepared to make further concessions.although he agreed the broad outlines of a pre-charge settlement with google , mr almunia has said they are "not there yet" and made it clear talks could not drag on. google's practice of injecting answers from its other services high up in its search results - for instance, putting a stock quote from google finance at the top of the page - is the thorniest of four issues mr almunia singled out in may .
The S&P500 fell to its lowest point of the year, oil prices surged and some of the country's largest companies provided disappointing earnings guidance.
jamie dimon 's future as chairman of jpmorgan chase suffered a further knock after australian superannuation fund first super expressed "strong" concerns over his joint role as ceo and chairman. jpmorgan defends dimon to investors; banks
the leak is ill-timed for apple as it readies a series of product launches, beginning with an event on september 12 in san francisco where it is expected to unveil the next iphone. the hackers said they had obtained the database of apple device-identifiers from the laptop of a federal bureau of investigation agent.apple is preparing to phase out udids."there could be lots of questions about how apple could do this better but it doesn't look like it was apple's mistake. hackers embarrass apple with data release ahead of key launches; details of 1m devices published online
a democratic senator did note the revolving door between goldman and the government.but this is how he did it: "[mr paulson would] continue the long history of goldman sachs heads, including former treasury secretary bob rubin, new jersey governor jon corzine, deputy secretary of state john whitehead, serving their country with great distinction and success.the current head of goldman is highly unlikely to be allowed to serve his country with distinction. back in 2006 washington barely blinked when mr paulson sold half a billion dollars of goldman stock in advance of his move to treasury. widening differences in borrowing costs, shown in an analysis by goldman sachs, highlight how ecb measures have prevented a catastrophic eurozone break-up but failed to ease crippling credit conditions in much of the region's southern periphery, where economic growth prospects remain bleak.
developers have steadily moved away from microsoft to newer platforms such as the internet and apple's ios software, says bill -gurley, a partner at benchmark capital, a silicon valley venture capital firm.the surface is an expensive roll of the dice to put the microsoft software platform back at the centre of their attention.
facebook reaches 1bn users but growth slows
microsoft is to stop making new versions of the zune player, once the focus of its efforts to counter apple in digital consumer electronics, as it shifts its focus to a broader software strategy to try to outflank its rival.
denise cote, a federal judge in new york, cited "admissions" by steve jobs, as well as emails and telephone calls between apple, amazon and publishing executives as proof that apple acted as a ringleader in a price-fixing conspiracy when it launched its digital books.
apple has not yet revealed when the new smartphone will go on sale in china, its largest market after the us.
in a leaked memo before the microsoft deal, stephen elop, nokia chief executive, compared the finnish company with a man stood on a blazing oil rig, faced with a choice between certain death and a risky leap into the unknown.
pandora investors turn off as apple eyes radio
margins have been squeezed by the security market's low barriers to entry, which were constraining pricing power, goldman said.expectations of weaker profitability in uk and ireland cash services meant goldman forecast g4s to miss consensus forecasts for earnings per share by 10 per cent this year and by 18 per cent in 2014.
regulatory clarity should allow investors to judge more accurately whether goldman can cope with this financial landscape. sir, the reaction to greg smith's broadside against goldman sachs is overheated.
jpmorgan is likely to give an update on the trading losses, which it said last time had cost $5.8bn but warned the number could still rise as the trades are unwound.
colin gillis, tech analyst at bgc partners, added that fresh data on forecast tablet sales for 2012 released yesterday showed that apple was facing stiffer competition from google .
john swinson, technology partner with law firm king & wood mallesons, said: "the high court has clearly determined that google is in a similar position to a television network or newspaper, and is not liable for the content of advertisements placed by its advertising customers, unless it can be proven that google is more actively involved in the creation of the content. the accc started legal proceedings against google in 2007 , alleging that users were misled into thinking ads displayed on its results pages were organic and not sponsored, or paid for, links.google subsequently applied to the high court to have the matter resolved.google said it welcomed the "unanimous" ruling by the high court.
goldman doubles blankfein stock bonus; banks
strong earnings from microsoft lifted the stock but the broader indices were barely changed after figures showed the economy grew in line with expectations.
jobs , the biopic telling the early business life story of apple founder steve jobs, made a disappointing debut at the us box office after getting some stinging reviews, including from the company's co-founder steve wozniak, writes stephen foley.
the bank poached andrea orcel from bank_of_america merrill lynch, bringing him in alongside the investment bank's current sole head carsten kengeter.
last month, cnil asked google to postpone implementation because of "legitimate concerns about the protection of the personal data of european citizens".
from 47.4 per cent in the first three months of this year, apple is now predicting that its gross margin will drop to 38.5 per cent in the current quarter, about the level it hit two years ago. the strategy apple has chosen is very different than the one it pursued with the ipod. the challenge for apple has been to manage all this without leaving a pricing umbrella that allows rivals to steal in and take a large slice of the expanding market. the figures were a contrast to those of apple , which on tuesday missed forecasts for third-quarter revenues and earnings. apple shareholders unimpressed after earnings miss forecasts
vikram pandit, citigroup's chief executive, has defended his handling of the company's bid for wachovia, accusing the charlotte, north carolina-based bank of reneging on a nearly done deal when wells_fargo launched a counterbid to "steal" the lender.
goldman warned cdo probe is far from over
goldman cut the amount of remuneration paid to its bankers by 16 per cent to $4.38bn in the first quarter, and trimmed its workforce by 3 per cent compared with the end of last year. goldman sachs
microsoft said that reported revenues from windows had risen by 23 per cent to $5.7bn. the businesses that really matter at microsoft had shrug-worthy sales.ken goldman, yahoo's finance chief, warned that there was "still a gap in monetisation" from search, which it would work with microsoft to improve. from backtracking on its radical new windows user interface to slashing software prices, there was no shortage last week of advice for microsoft on how to deal with a worrying new decline in global pc sales.
the demand by france 's highest administrative court, which reviews legislation, that the ump must stump up eur11m, has jeopardised the party's finances and constituted "an unprecedented situation under the fifth republic," mr sarkozy said in a rare post on his facebook page yesterday.
there is also an unexplored irony: despite wood's background as a microsoft sales executive, he chose to focus his second life on donating low-tech print-based books rather than finding ways to tap the digital revolution that (despite obvious infrastructure challenges) is now reaching even remote parts of africa.
goldman sachs to exit target- date market; retirement funds
large home lenders such as wells_fargo and jpmorgan chase have been beneficiaries of the federal reserve's bond-buying programme that bolstered housing. in the first quarter mortgage banking income at wells_fargo , the largest home lender in the us, fell 3 per cent from a year ago and 9 per cent quarter on quarter to $2.8bn. a batch of poor economic data sparked a retreat on wall street yesterday even as jpmorgan chase and wells_fargo reported strong quarterly results, capping a week marked by otherwise robust gains with losses.
high prices have hampered efforts by both microsoft and intel - the old "wintel" duopoly - to revive a pc market they have long dominated, writes chris nuttall .
google launched a fresh assault on the laptop market against microsoft and apple yesterday as it unveiled the first machine to have been designed and built in-house and the first to come with a touchsensitive screen.
prosecutors hope to use ms eisenberg's testimony to bolster claims that mr gupta called mr rajaratnam immediately following a goldman board meeting in september 2008 to tell him that warren buffett's firm, berkshire hathaway, had agreed to invest $5bn in the bank. caryn eisenberg, who worked for mr rajaratnam as his executive assistant from january 2008 until december 2009, was the first witness called in the trial over charges of securities fraud and conspiracy against mr gupta, a former director of goldman sachs and procter & gamble.
shares in apple fell more than 10 per cent, losing about $50bn in market value, in after-hours trading after it missed wall street's expectations for the fiscal first-quarter revenues.
and last week carl levin, the michigan democrat who chairs the investigations subcommittee, told the financial times there was "real hope" law-enforcement officials would act on his panel's report, which accused goldman of misleading investors and congress.
moritz erhardt, an intern at bank_of_america merrill lynch in london was found dead last week in his shower at his accommodation in east london, it emerged yesterday.
bofa shares fell 7.5 per cent to $6.38, citigroup fell 5.2 per cent to $25.52 and wells_fargo dropped 3.9 per cent to $23.71.
after an accounting adjustment the year before that forced the company to defer reporting some of its early windows 7 revenue, microsoft said that underlying revenues had been up 13 per cent.
but since commercial services in lte in china are not expected until next year at the earliest, chinese apple fans may be facing another long wait for more affordable iphones.
jpmorgan chase was yesterday sued for allegedly defrauding investors who lost more than $20bn on mortgage-backed securities written by bear stearns, part of a last push by us authorities to hit banks for their behaviour in the run-up to the financial crisis.
the research is supported by anecdotal evidence from people within the large mobile operators, who say that sales of the iphone 4s have slowed as fans of the apple operating system have waited for a new version, rumoured to be released in september.
the commission has the power to fine google up to 10 per cent of its global revenues and force it to change its behaviour or restructure, without requiring a court order.
"we continue to see them putting google places results higher in the search results - higher on the page than other natural search results," said adam medros, tripadvisor's vice-president for product, referring to google's local reviews and listings service which competes with tripadvisor's hotel and restaurant reviews site."what we are constantly vigilant about is that google treats relevant content fairly. tripadvisor had previously clashed with google over its incorporation of extracts from reviews into places, without its consent.in july last year, google ceased using such snippets after complaints from other listings services such as yelp, a move seen at the time as the first indication that google was responding to regulators' pressure.
goldman sachs cut compensation for its chairman and chief executive lloyd blankfein to its lowest since 2009 following a slump in both the bank's profits and share price last year.
jpmorgan close to $4bn mis-selling deal; banks
"we expect china mobile may not subsidise [the] iphone 5c before early 2014, but instead let apple sell it through apple's own distribution channels," citi analyst bin liu wrote in a note on tuesday. apple puts security and colours before price cuts on latest iphones
blow for google as android executive defects to xiaomi
in january, apple suffered a hacking intrusion , along with microsoft, facebook and twitter, after attackers hijacked employees' computers using a vulnerability in oracle's java web-browsing software.
mr schneiderman alleged that bank of america and wells_fargo did not acknowledge receipt of loan modification applications within three business days, alert homeowners to missing documents in the application, give borrowers enough time to correct deficiencies, or act on loan modification requests within 30 days.
bank_of_america may have been criticised in some quarters for overpaying for its acquisition of merrill lynch two years ago but research analysts from the merged bank last year proved themselves best at judging what european stocks were worth and when they should be bought or sold.
mr cook said yesterday that apple was "extremely sorry for the frustration" caused by misplaced landmarks and incorrectly named locations in maps , which replaced google maps in the latest version of the iphone and ipad's operating system.
us authorities charged two former jpmorgan chase traders with fraud for allegedly hiding hundreds of millions of dollars in losses stemming from the "london whale" trade that tarnished the bank's reputation and may cost it much more in fines and penalties.
but the story around the tv offering was a little vague and confused, with microsoft likely to have to deal with a multitude of cable, satellite and internet service providers around the world, as well as broadcasters, over how their services and content are incorporated.
"apple has lost a visionary and creative genius, and the world has lost an amazing human being," apple said on its website late last night.
in truth, most tech groups hold such brainstorming sessions - but at facebook engineers are urged to collaborate across teams.and, thus far, facebook has managed to ensure its employees define themselves as part of a common "tribe".and though facebook has produced some incrementally smart ideas in the past year , it has notably not dazzled the market with any truly game-changing innovations more recently - from hackathons, hackamonths or anywhere else. aggregift has already facilitated a few thousand gift-funding exercises by encouraging people to post their gift requests on their facebook page.
shares in facebook slipped 3.2 per cent to $30.28 in after-market hours trading and were set to open lower today as the social networking site reported its latest quarterly results.
jpmorgan suffered almost $6bn in losses because of trades from the so-called "london whale" caused in part by avoidable errors on excel spreadsheets used to calculate risk, according to an investigation by the us bank.
but microsoft is only part of the way there - and in apple and google, it has two of the most dynamic competitors any company has faced. the second fundamental issue is that microsoft has been facing a classic innovator's dilemma: because no other mass computing platform will ever prove as profitable for it as the pc, it has little incentive to push ahead with new computing models.
microsoft rating downgrade drags tech stocks lower
the spate of expensive acquisitions of young consumer internet companies with little or no revenue continued yesterday as google agreed to pay $1bn for waze, a fast-growing traffic and mapping app for smartphones.
microsoft is the only company to be fined for failing to obey a commission decision, making the appeal a test case of brussels' ability to police its decisions and punish noncompliance.
a total fine of up to $20bn on the biggest servicers, led by bank_of_america and wells fargo, is being discussed.
if tim cook was seeking to demonstrate how his leadership of apple differs from that of his predecessor, steve jobs, he could have made no better public gesture than issuing an apology.
while google did not submit any legally binding concessions - so-called "remedies" - to address specific competition concerns, a statement of intent on the use of patents would be taken into account in the approval decision.
goldman sachs is on track to report its worst earnings year since before the financial crisis after a slump in trading activity hit the investment bank's second-quarter profit.
us judge blocks apple vote on corporate governance changes
but the recent $2bn-plus trading loss incurred by jpmorgan has put the spotlight back on the occ. members of the senate banking committee have questioned the judgment of top officials at the occ after those regulators suggested that the lossmaking jpmorgan trades would have been legal under the planned ban on proprietary trading. bob corker, a republican member of the senate banking committee, says that an occ staffer was "very adamant" that the trades "absolutely would be permitted activity under the volcker rule" in a discussion about the jpmorgan trades.
big shareholders appeared unwilling to fund upgrades of intu's properties, meaning the group might have to sell stakes in some centres to pay for necessary improvements to others, goldman said.
jpmorgan has lost more than 12 per cent since thursday when it announced that it had been hit by a $2bn trading loss on derivatives .
jpmorgan asset management has launched its jpm diversified real return fund, based on a strategy run by its global multi-asset group. the scale of the surprise $2bn loss at jpmorgan chase last week is accelerating plans by global regulators to force banks to improve their trading risk models - a move that could sharply push up costs and capital requirements for big banks worldwide.
"says the woman from goldman sachs, obviously pleased.
 alicia glen, the goldman executive, is delighted to see the man in a suit because goldman helped put the yuppies in harlem - and he is entering the very apartment block with which it claims to have done so.
 the kalahari, an unmissable zigzag brick-patterned building built in 2008 with goldman money, was designed to accommodate a mixture of the well-off and the working middle class normally priced out of manhattan property.and the mix of people is good for those who pay full price, too, says the goldman executive. before it became a bank goldman avoided the demands of the cra but since its metamorphosis the feared trading house has had to get cuddlier.the easiest - especially for banks such as goldman that have no retail presence - is to buy a load of low-income housing tax credits.goldman, under the direction of ms glen, has gone much further, attracting investment bankers into her urban investment group, applying sophisticated financing to projects in deprived areas from new york to new orleans while retaining the familiar competitive goldman edge to business. goldman responds it has been in the community development business for 10 years, though its commitment has increased from a mere $50m of capital to about $1.5bn.
 another rival says goldman has indeed taken an aggressive approach and invested equity very early in affordable housing projects.goldman argues it might make a return in the long run.
 a controversial tax deal between goldman sachs and hm revenue & customs that saw the investment bank agree a settlement that reportedly saved it millions of pounds in interest could face a challenge in the high court.
 leigh day & co, the law firm acting on behalf of uk uncut legal action, has written to hmrc threatening legal action in the form of a judicial review if the agreement between hmrc and goldman sachs in december 2010 is not quashed.
 earlier this month mps on the public accounts committee were told that a mistake by a tax official in settling the long-running tax dispute with goldman sachs concerned £5m-£8m of uncollected interest.
mr hartnett told mps that we made a mistake on one issue"" on the goldman sachs case and said no disciplinary action had been taken against anyone as a result.one mp accused mr hartnett of giving goldman sachs ""a huge competitive advantage""."
section: apple after steve jobs; pg. the people now in charge of apple are still enigmas to most outside the technology industry, and it is difficult to imagine any of them taking on the mythic proportions of steve jobs, the co-founder who died on wednesday.
a key investor advisory firm has urged shareholders of goldman sachs to vote against the bank's executive compensation plan, citing a "disconnect between pay and performance".
jpmorgan has taken an aggressive public stance on -regulation, with mr dimon -previously attacking new international capital standards as "anti-american" .
Thursday saw the S&P500 soar by 2.1 per cent to 1,256.16 and the Nasdaq Composite rise by 2.8 per cent to 2,144.15.Despite its early winning run, the S&P500 closed on Friday at 1,251.54, down by 0.7 points on the week.He said: "The S&P500 index is down 5 per cent and the Russell 2000 index down nearly 7 per cent.Recent market moves fly in the face of the strong first quarter enjoyed by the S&P500 Composite Index.The biggest S&P500 gainers for the first quarter were telecoms (14.5 per cent) energy (9.1 per cent), materials (7.4 per cent) and industrials (7 per cent), while utilities, an interest-rate sensitive group, was the only decliner (1.2 per cent).The FTSE100 has returned 29 per cent over the past two years while the S&P500 has only gained 12 per cent in local currency.
an important us ruling in the patent wars between apple and samsung was postponed late yesterday, clearing the stage for a separate case that is set to come to a head this weekend as president barack obama weighs whether to intervene in the battle between the world's biggest smartphone makers.
he said "only two regulations [in the us] materially can hurt our competitive ability", the volcker rule, which prohibits proprietary trading and banks fear may also crimp legitimate market making, and restrictions on derivatives trading, which jpmorgan has said hands a competitive advantage to foreign groups.
publishers have also signed on for apple and amazon's billing services, allowing the technology companies to sell annual digital subscriptions to most titles for $19.99 each.time inc, the largest magazine publisher by circulation, is not selling subscriptions through apple or amazon.
microsoft ran into a wall of investor scepticism yesterday over its belated jump to -compete against apple and samsung in the smartphone business with a eur5.4bn deal to buy nokia's handset operations and license the finnish company's patents.
bank_of_america merrill lynch has delivered a tit-for-tat rejoinder to rival ubs, poaching the swiss bank's former co-head of investment banking to run its investment banking operations in europe.
the investigation follows a civil settlement jpmorgan reached last month with the federal energy regulatory commission over allegations that the bank manipulated power markets in california and the midwest.
in a settlement on thursday, the us federal reserve announced a formal enforcement action against goldman "to address a pattern of misconduct and negligence relating to deficient practices" in loan servicing and foreclosure processing at its litton loan servicing unit.
a different outcome to the nokia partnership may now be in store: with the handset maker flailing , microsoft may have little choice but to move into the smartphone business as well, said richard doherty, analyst at envisioneering.
an era in british banking is set to end with david mayhew, one of the city's elder statesmen, stepping down as chairman of jpmorgan cazenove.
the billionaire chief executive of microsoft already owns 5 per cent of the company, so he doesn't need options and share grants as incentives.microsoft trades at a mere 10 times prospective earnings, a low reached previously only in late 2008.
apple had beaten wall street consensus profit estimates by at least 13 per cent in each of the past four quarters, and the miss on tuesday was a disappointment to investors encouraged by the strong early sales of the iphone 4s, which launched after the most recent quarter closed.
next year, symbian is projected to fall into fifth place behind apple's ios, research in motion's blackberry and windows phone, as nokia shifts to the microsoft new platform.
a spokesperson for wells_fargo said that mr femenia, who moved from the company's charlotte office to its new york division in may, was suspended immediately after the us bank learnt of the accusations on tuesday."as the sec noted in its complaint against mr femenia, wells_fargo has detailed policies and training programmes on the handling of confidential information, and we have a zero-tolerance policy for the misuse of such information.sustained cyber attacks targeting the websites of big us banks including wells_fargo were examples of the growing threat. other banks including goldman sachs, wells_fargo and bb&t have also taken advantage of the market to issue the shares.
"we've recently heard from many loyal apple customers who were disappointed to learn that we had removed our products from the epeat rating system," mr mansfield wrote.starting today, all eligible apple products are back on epeat.in july 2010 apple admitted to failings with mobile reception on the then-new iphone 4, and gave out free rubber cases.
as jpmorgan chase's chief investment office was engaging in disastrous trades, other parts of the bank were working out what would happen if it suffered a "catastrophic, idiosyncratic event".
"the board of microsoft decided it was not in their best interests for this to play out in the public eye," says rick sherlund, a software analyst at nomura securities. mr morfit will be free to take up the seat at the first quarterly board meeting after the october meeting, microsoft said - a delay that will reduce his influence at a critical time for the company's directors, as they search for a replacement for mr ballmer. attempts by microsoft and google to persuade the obama administration to let them reveal more about the extent of internet surveillance by the us national security agency have failed, the top lawyer at microsoft disclosed yesterday.
google was working yesterday to give internet users more power to block advertisers from tracking their online behaviour as it sought to limit the damage from the latest privacy scandal to dent its corporate image.
while initial reactions to the jpmorgan loss focused on how it could reshape the us debate over implementing the volcker rule ban on proprietary trading, the misstep by one of the world's largest banks could have broader consequences.
apple shares are off 23 per cent on the year to date as patent fights and increased competition have damped the outlook for the consumer group.
apple claims that samsung's tablet infringes its technology and design patents. on monday, apple filed a preliminary injunction request in germany to ban sales of samsung's revised galaxy tab 10.1, which the company redesigned in an attempt to circumvent contentious features after its original device was banned.
eric schneiderman, new york attorney-general, has sued jpmorgan for the alleged misdeeds of bear in packaging low-quality mortgages into bonds and selling them to investors who suffered sharp losses.
berlin lawmakers bend to google pressure on copyright
as chief executive tim cook admitted earlier this week at the d11 conference in southern california, the flaws in apple maps have still not all been fixed and apple has had to put some of its best minds on the problem to sort it out. if apple needed a wake-up call on services, it came at a recent google conference.three of the search company's advances in particular should give apple pause.apple may have been the first to turn digital music into a paying proposition, and itunes still dominates the market.but all the growth has shifted to the subscriptions business, where apple has yet to show its hand.even if google's own subscription service fails to take off, the fact that it beat apple to the punch in music, which has always been one of the "killer apps" of the iphone, looked highly symbolic.
facebook declined to offer advice or predictions, and said it would remain focused on long-term goals.
eu officials have also criticised aggressive us lobbying on behalf of google and facebook to relax new privacy laws being considered by brussels.
as the most heavily weighted company in the s&p 500 and nasdaq composite, apple is the equity market's bellwether, so the news this week that apple missed both its earnings and revenue estimates could be a telling moment for the company and the broader technology sector.
aol's patent deal with microsoft fails to staunch s&p 500 sell-off
The S&P500 reached its bear market low at a valuation way above the trough of previous bear markets, and has since put on 40 per cent and more.Options traders have further fuelled speculation by betting the S&P500 index will drop in September.S&P500
the jury awarded just over $1bn in damages to apple after it found that several of samsung's smartphones "wilfully" infringed patented appearance and features of the iphone including the so-called "rubberbanding" scrolling, its sleek glass front and its grid of colourful, round-cornered apps.
"countrywide and bank_of_america systematically removed every check in favour of its own balance - they cast aside underwriters, eliminated quality controls, incentivised unqualified personnel to cut corners and concealed the resulting defects," said preet bharara, us attorney for the southern district of new york.at some point bank_of_america can't be expected to compensate every entity that claims losses that actually were caused by the economic downturn. the buyout group has talked to jpmorgan and bank_of_america about financing a deal that would involve debt of $4bn to $5bn, and equity of $800m to $900m, these people said.
lawyered by nigelshareholders of el paso corporation have voted to accept a $38bn merger with kinder morgan, while leaving the door open to claiming damages after a us judge found goldman sachs had a conflict of interest as an adviser on the deal.
jpmorgan is arguing that the bank's shareholders suffered from the $6bn loss and should not have to suffer twice by paying a fine, this person said.jpmorgan is also negotiating a pact with the uk's financial conduct authority.
the us department of justice has sued bank_of_america for more than $1bn in the first fraud suit over defective home loans sold to government-backed mortgage companies fannie mae and freddie mac.
pwc faces fine over audit failings in jpmorgan case
the courtroom showdown between oracle and google has been thrown into confusion after a jury found against google on the main copyright infringement charge, but failed to decide on a central argument in its defence.
after more than two years of investigation and plenty of rhetoric that suggests he will not let this pass easily, it is unimaginable that google will be given a completely clean bill of health.one is that google gives unfair preference to its own services in its search results.type a location, or the codes of two airports, into the search box and the top result will be a map from google or suggested flight times with prices.
jamie dimon, chief executive of jpmorgan chase, shook up his top management team as the bank's $2bn trading loss claimed the scalp of ina drew, chief investment officer.
like it or not, twitter's stock market debut - when it finally comes - will provide the excuse for the biggest bout of consumer internet hype since the bungled facebook ipo.one message the company has hardly been shy about sending is that it wants to do everything it can to avoid the traps that facebook fell into.at seven, twitter is only a year younger than facebook was when it went public.facebook misread the level of demand when it priced its own share sale, apparently mistaking bids from opportunists hoping to flip the shares as a sign of "real" underlying demand.
wall street has closed ranks around goldman against greg smith's j'accuse .
in its filing later in the day, jpmorgan said it had been warned that the federal energy regulatory commission or ferc "intends to recommend" an enforcement action against the bank and "certain firm personnel".
microsoft shares were quiet even as the software company unveiled its latest operating system and first tablet device to consumers.
wells_fargo failed to report any deficient loans before a 2005 government review, the lawsuit alleged.
early last week the securities and exchange commission dropped an investigation into a $1.3bn subprime mortgage deal put together by goldman at the height of the mortgage boom.
moneysupermarket suffers as google moves on price comparison
ferc, which regulates gas, electricity and oil networks, said jpmorgan would pay $285m in a civil penalty to the us treasury and give up $125m of "unjust profits", with the bulk of the latter going to californian electricity consumers.
"time is running out for google to get serious about data protection," viviane reding, the eu's top justice official in charge of bolstering the bloc's data protection rules, said on twitter.
aca says that paulson was worried that goldman would not be able to pass on some of the insurance payouts due to the fund if the bank were to default.to solve the problem, paulson could have been named as a replacement insurance buyer in the event that goldman failed. instead goldman gave itself the ability to appoint a replacement buyer in the event it defaulted, the bond insurer says. the bond insurer's complaint also includes a transcript of a conversation which aca alleges shows goldman directly misrepresented paulson's interest in the deal.
citigroup and bank_of_america hurt as financials lead declines
google hands htc ammunition to fight legal battle against apple
apple failed miserably with ping, its attempt to build a social network around music, and must feel it has little choice but to draw closer to facebook, 500m of whose members now access the service over mobile devices.
the chief audit officer of new york city has called on jpmorgan chase to "claw back" salary and bonuses paid to top executives following the bank's $2bn trading loss.
the move is likely to cause controversy for apple as facebook's "apps within an app" model could break apple's rules for software on its iphone and ipad.
brussels is concerned that google gives undue prominence to its own services, such as maps and comparison shopping, harming competition and consumer choice.
wachovia approached potential buyers including citigroup, wells_fargo and spain's banco santander yesterday after a 27 per cent plunge in its shares deepened fears over the future of the sixth-largest bank in the us.
this is unacceptable to syrians," mr khatib wrote on his facebook page.
apple already sells older iphones at lower prices but they remain relatively costly, especially in emerging markets, where operator subsidies are not always as large as in the us and europe.
goldman has been hit hard by the so-called volcker rule - which restricts the amount of speculative trading banks may perform with their own capital.
but as in the settlement between jpmorgan and the federal energy regulatory commission over alleged manipulation of power markets, it is resisting attempts to tie wrongdoing to senior executives.
apple declined to comment on wednesday. the dispute cuts to the heart of the complex relationship between apple and samsung. all eyes are on the us, where apple is due to seek an injunction this month.
"given the contractual nature of the swap, goldman sachs is not agreeable to terminate the swap at $0, a decision the city has been assured was made by goldman upper management. people familiar with the talks say goldman has offered concessions, including the possibility of spreading exit payments over the swap's lifetime or reducing the $16m exit payment by $100,000-$300,000.
jpmorgan now has 21 days to deliver its response. the central issue in ferc's threat to jpmorgan is the bank's description of communications with the california electricity system operator between october 2011 and june 2012.
it is ironic that both dell and apple shared big news last week.
jpmorgan to spin off $4.5bn equity fund
a 6 per cent drop in the price of each ad clicked - more than analysts had expected - came after google introduced a new advertising system designed to help advertisers build more campaigns on mobile devices, where ad prices remain below desktop search ads.google also said that exceptionally warm weather in the uk had hit advertising revenues there.
microsoft has bowed to pressure from an activist investor, ceding a board seat to valueact capital as it tries to quell unrest on wall street.
google leaders' private lives come under scrutiny; media
the chief executive and co-founder said the worst mistake facebook ever made was to use the latest web tools of hypertext markup language 5 to build a mobile version of the social network.
google accuses microsoft on search data
nearly 12 years since taking over from bill gates, mr ballmer has finally shaped microsoft into a company more attuned to the changing world of mobile devices and the cloud. for much of his first decade at the top, mr ballmer's microsoft was entangled in the debacle stemming from its windows vista pc operating system.
google still faces legal action in other countries, including the us, where a new york district court has rejected a 2008 deal it struck with the association of american publishers.
most industry analysts believe that microsoft will have trouble gaining much ground, even with a successful launch.
goldman referred questions about the allegations to litton, which said it "has robust policies and procedures in place for processing modifications, reporting complaints and assessing fees".goldman bought litton in 2007, but put the unit up for sale this year.
goldman last week accidentally sent thousands of orders for options contracts to exchanges operated by nyse euronext, nasdaq omx and the cboe, after a systems upgrade that went awry. goldman has not disclosed how much money it lost in tuesday's incident but the trading error probably cost it less than the $100m initially estimated by some market participants, after exchanges opted to void many of the transactions.
the panel also will question whether a bank the size of jpmorgan - with $2.4tn in assets - is too big or complicated to manage, adding fuel to a raging washington debate over whether the government should forcibly break up large financial groups.
lg display is the second company to report weaker profits due to lower demand from apple after cirrus logic, a maker of audio chips for the iphone, last week reported lower than expected quarterly results and weaker than forecast sales guidance.
apple shares began the year at almost $550 before steadily falling to below $400 in april.
microsoft recently slashed the price and took a $900m charge against one model of its first-generation surface tablets, called the rt. the writedown more than offset the $853m in revenues microsoft reported for both the rt and an intel-based pro model in their first eight months on the market.
however, the huge user numbers raise questions about the costs of serving bandwidth-intensive video to so many users and whether the eight-year-old site can generate a profit for google and its content partners.
motorola mobility, the google takeover target, has sued microsoft in germany for infringement of a patent related to video technology used in windows 7, media player and the xbox. "we would have preferred to keep our european distribution centre ... in germany, as it has been for many years, but unfortunately the risk of disruption from motorola's patent litigation is simply too high," microsoft said.
"that's ridiculous - there is no impact on facebook whatsoever because of tumblr," mr wieser said. facebook fell another 2 per cent on june 3 to $23.84, when zynga announced it would lay off 520 employees because of the underperformance of its social games and its struggle to shift to mobile.although facebook has been moving to diversify its gaming partners , and its gaming revenues have risen in the past six months while zynga's have fallen, investors still view the fate of the two companies as entwined.
jpmorgan yesterday became the latest bank to disclose it was told in january by the securities and exchange commission it may face two civil lawsuits.
the delay shifts the spotlight to mr obama, who is facing an imminent deadline on whether to step in to support apple in a separate patent case brought by samsung. trade experts have said that a presidential veto in favour of apple is highly unlikely, raising the prospect that both companies could soon face bans of some of their products in the biggest consumer technology market. sir, if apple chief executive tim cook really is going to move some of the company's manufacturing to the us this year (" apple faces fresh accusations over conditions at china iphone plants ", july 30) to make the company "as innovative with supply responsibility as we are with products", then why does it not set up a manufacturing facility in detroit?
jpmorgan chase added to an increasingly negative mood on wall street yesterday as its shares fell as much as 3.3 per cent with us equities sinking to their lowest level in more than three months.
the decision not to charge goldman follows a courtroom loss last week when a jury found a citigroup banker not liable for misleading investors in the sale of a collateralised debt obligation.
microsoft and verizon fall despite upbeat start to september trading; wall street
the lawsuit alleges that wells_fargo put profits ahead of underwriting standards, hired temporary staff to churn out new loans and aligned bonus payments to loan-approval -volume.
facebook will be charging in the "low s$20" per thousand video views, even when users have not activated audio, according to people familiar with the company's plans.
on wednesday, after the close of trading, apple reported fiscal first-quarter results that failed to impress investors, as it guided to about a 20 per cent drop in earnings for the current quarter. in its first quarter, apple reported $13.1bn in net income, almost three times more than the $4.5bn that amazon has earned since it became profitable in 2003.while amazon's gross margin has ranged between 22 and 24 per cent over recent years, apple investors have become used to gross margins of about 40 per cent or more.
wells_fargo failed to report any deficient loans before a 2005 government review, the lawsuit claims.
despite closing its recommendation, goldman said gold prices could go lower. at the time, it advised clients to take bearish bets on gold , goldman had noted that gold prices had remained unchanged in spite of the resurgence in eurozone risk aversion as well as disappointing us economic data - usually supporting factors for the yellow metal.things said in the goldman sachs lifts do not stay in the goldman sachs lifts: they get tweeted for us all to enjoy.it's perfectly plausible that goldman bankers say odious things like this, but what isn't plausible is that they say them in lifts.
the us mortgage foreclosure crisis deepened after it emerged that wells_fargo may have used controversial practices that have prompted rivals to halt home repossessions and jpmorgan chase said banks might be fined over the issue.
"with windows vista, it took microsoft more than a year to realise it had launched a turkey," says richard doherty, an analyst at envisioneering, a technology research firm.
a us bank regulator overseeing jpmorgan chase is reviewing whether it provided bank examiners with adequate information on trading positions that have led to at least $2bn in losses.
jpmorgan chase is expected to announce losses of about $5bn related to trades by the so-called london whale at its second-quarter earnings presentation in two weeks.
microsoft executives have tried to use kinect, which relies on motion-sensing cameras mounted in a set-top box, to steal some of the limelight from the multi-touch screens on the iphone and ipad. in an apparent comparison with the ipad, of which 7.3m were sold in the same period, microsoft called its kinect the "hottest product of the holiday season", although at $149, the device is priced well below the $499 of the bottom-of-the-range ipad.for the windows division, microsoft reported sales of $5.05bn, down from $7.19bn. the low growth reflected weakening consumer demand and a fall-off in sales of low-cost netbooks, with the number of pcs sold in the final quarter of 2010 up only 2-4 per cent, microsoft said.
mr morrison was fired in december 2010 and goldman suspended any underwriting activities with the state. an after-dinner speech by dave hartnett, former head of revenue & customs, has been been gatecrashed by campaigners criticising tax agreements he reached with companies including vodafone and goldman sachs.
oaktree, countrywide and goldman declined to comment.
bank_of_america and citigroup have suffered setbacks in their attempt to escape a troubled legacy of problems from the financial crisis with renewed worries over legal costs and doubts about profitability.
after reporting $558m in trading volume for 2011, almost $343m of which was facebook trades, secondmarket has decided trading volume is no longer a relevant metric for gauging its business and has stopped reporting it. facebook was an unwilling pioneer in the development of these markets."it is worth the trek here to gauge the trends and tastes and meet people face to face," says rudsak founder evik asatoorian, who is conducting a facebook campaign to see how fans respond to actors wearing their designs.
And the S&P500 futures was indicating the blue-chip index would surge.
"it's about extending all of the google ecosystem on to a screen that they've had relatively little penetration on so far. netflix, the us movie rental service, has adopted the protocol, called cast, and google said it was in discussions with others to bring a wider range of internet services to tv sets by means of its gadget.
 even though google had still not reached any breakthrough agreements with tv networks, chromecast stood a better chance because of its low price and the fact that it could access a wider range of content than the q, mr cryan said.
 youtube and netflix accounted for slightly less than half of all us internet traffic during peak evening viewing, google executives said, proving strong demand for video services that could be viewed on a tv set with chromecast. chromecast, on sale on google's play store yesterday, was meant to be plugged directly into a television set and to work automatically once connected to a home wifi network, google said.
 in another challenge to apple, google unveiled yesterday an updated version of its nexus 7 tablet, rival to the ipad mini and samsung's 7-inch galaxy tab.
 google buys 6.3% stake in glass headset chipmaker; technology hardware
 google has invested in expanding the production facilities of the taiwanese company making chips for the new google glass, in a sign of the search company gearing up to sell the headset to the mass market.
 nasdaq-listed himax technologies said yesterday that google had bought a 6.3 per cent stake in its subsidiary himax display , with the option of increasing that holding to up to just under 15 per cent within one year.
 the price of the deal was not disclosed, but himax says the funds will go towards expanding and upgrading production facilities that make chips powering the display technology used in google glass.
 analysts expect glass to be launched as early as the first half of next year - google has so far given only 8,000 contest winners the opportunity to buy the $1,500 devices.
 the proposals for tackling multinational tax avoidance drawn up after criticism of the low tax rates paid by companies such as google were hailed by ministers as a big step towards re-establishing confidence in the tax system.
 viviane reding , the commissioner overseeing data protection, told ministers yesterday her office had begun an assessment of the safe harbour"" used by google and facebook as well as thousands of smaller us companies."
brussels is concerned that google gives undue prominence to its own services, such as maps and comparison shopping, harming competition and consumer choice.
google found itself on a collision course with european regulators yesterday after a provisional finding that its new privacy policy breaches european law.
so far, bank of america and wells_fargo have confirmed they will accept the ious. in particular, wells_fargo may face having to deal with a probe by california's department of corporations into its mortgage lending practices in the state.
brent crude finished the week more than 3 per cent lower after a goldman sachs report calling the end of a "sustained increase" in oil prices as well as a new anchor for the oil benchmark at $90 a barrel.
adding to mr ballmer's discomfort, david einhorn, a hedge fund manager and large microsoft shareholder, last week called for new leadership at the software company . it is the fear that microsoft has missed the boat on the biggest recent trend in personal computing that accounts for much of the unease.
hackers embarrass apple with online release of sensitive data
google tv received a poor reception when it was launched in the us a year ago, with critics claiming it was too complex and lacked compelling content.
sir, reading about mcdonald's troubled foray into social media ("critics hijack mcdonald's twitter campaign", january 25) reminded me of that famous quote from a google engineer: "social media is like teen sex. google overhauls privacy policies
wells_fargo revised its results to take account of fresh investment losses, which pushed the shares down 5.1 per cent to $15.95 and left them on course for a weekly decline of 16.8 per cent.
Michael Mauboussin, the chief investment strategist at Legg Mason, said the chance of a fund beating the S&P500 for 15 years on the trot was a vanishingly small one in 2.3m.
bank_of_america disappointment fuels broad declines for financials; wall street
us manufacturers have attacked plans by jpmorgan chase to launch an exchange-traded fund backed by physical copper, arguing that the product would "grossly and artificially inflate prices" and "wreak havoc on the us and global economy".
in the financial sector, morgan stanley and wells_fargo were in focus. wells_fargo rose 3.4 per cent to $26.79 after its second-quarter profit fell less than expected and losses on consumer and commercial loans were lower than in its first quarter. in the financial sector, morgan stanley and wells_fargo were in focus. wells_fargo rose 3.4 per cent to $26.79 after its second-quarter profit fell less than expected and losses on consumer and commercial loans were lower than in its first quarter.the s&p 500 financial sector, which started the day up on positive results from morgan stanley and wells_fargo , also fell 1.8 per cent after mr bernanke spoke. wells_fargo rose 1.8 per cent to $26.37 after its second-quarter profit fell less than expected and losses on consumer and commercial loans were lower than in its first quarter. in the us, overland partners, a firm created out of the former wells_fargo risk arbitrage prop desk, raised more than $400m this year, over half of which came as a proprietary investment from the bank.wells_fargo and overland declined to comment.
google says the campaign "protect your web - find what you're looking for" is a success. philipp rösler, economy minister, warned google "to watch for the difference between protecting one's interests and misleading the public".
microsoft says a similar trial it has held in the us has not uncovered any interference issues.
a british parliamentary committee last month accused google of "immoral" tax avoidance .
wells_fargo mainly lends to higher quality borrowers indicating that the crisis that began in the subprime mortgage market may be spreading due to declines in us house prices.wells_fargo shares were off nearly 4 per cent to dollars 34.58 in midday trade.
mr bradbury last year attacked google for exploiting different legal jurisdictions and using complex profit-shifting structures such as the "double irish dutch sandwich" to minimise its tax bill.
a review of harvard university's email servers and back-up tapes are said to have revealed that none of the emails purportedly sent by mr ceglia about facebook appeared in mr zuckerberg's account. facebook commended the arrest and charges by the us attorney.
Most of the manufacturers, meanwhile, tend to have investment returns fall below the S&P500 index during the first three years after listing.The green line in the chart shows the cumulative performance of the S&P500 index before and since the first Fed cut this time around.So maybe the S&P500 was falling from an overvalued position. Other things being equal, a further rise of 1 per cent in the risk premium demanded on US equities which would make the rise in the premium commensurate with the rise in the credit premium, would lower the "fair value" of the S&P500 to just under 1000.We should therefore probably not expect to see the S&P500 rally in the way that it has done in the past.
this year, the heat on goldman has reduced, in large part because it shifted to its competitors. under the stewardship of jake siewert, the new pr chief goldman recruited from the us treasury, mr blankfein has begun courting the media for the first time in years. this was a contrast to the shrunken but unapologetic figure that was lambasted at a senate hearing three years ago , when lawmakers accused goldman of profiting from the financial crisis and from "intolerable" conflicts of interest.a department of justice investigation requested by the senate committee has since ended with neither goldman nor any of its employees being charged.
financial stocks in the s&p 500 were down 4.9 per cent after moody's downgraded its credit ratings for bank of america , citigroup and wells_fargo , arguing the government would be less likely to rescue the big lenders if they face failure, following banking reforms.
jpmorgan chase fell more than 5.5 per cent in after-market trading as it reported "significant losses in its synthetic credit portfolio".
a sell-off in bank stocks gathered pace in the morning session, after jpmorgan kicked off the sector's quarterly results season .
a version of windows for smartphones already runs on arm chips, but mr sinofsky continued to resist calls for microsoft to use this to mount an earlier challenge to the ipad.
a batch of poor economic data sparked a mild retreat on wall street yesterday even as jpmorgan chase and wells_fargo reported strong quarterly results, capping off a week marked by otherwise robust gains with losses.
mps set to grill top tax official on goldman deal
microsoft rating downgrade dents tech stocks
but apple may have a hard time fulfilling that demand. but, more recently, the hype has not been enough to keep apple ahead of key competitors in the chinese market and there seem to be genuine shortages now, with the company admitting to a significant order backlog as a result of high demand.
at one stage nokia accused apple of misusing the standardisation process and seeking to impose its own proprietary solution on the industry.
the bank sold five-year bonds with a coupon of 2 per cent, the lowest ever for jpmorgan paper of similar maturity, according to dealogic. the low coupon indicates that investors continue to pile into us bank paper despite a series of industry hiccups and the $5bn derivatives trading loss, known as the "london whale" loss, which has dogged jpmorgan for much of the year.
google has also been criticised by regulators for merging its privacy rules for different online services.under this arrangement, once a user agrees to the privacy rules for one google service, these terms automatically apply to other services.
part of the pitch on apple is its astonishingly low valuation: its trailing price/earnings multiple stands at a remarkably cheap 11 times. here is a less comforting thought: apple is so large it is already such an important part of virtually every equity portfolio that the usual rules of growth and valuation do not apply. apple takes a knock on concerns over demand for the iphone 5
hm revenue & customs has reacted strongly over a leaked memo concerning £4.5bn of tax deals with big business, before a high court hearing today on the legality of a controversial settlement with goldman sachs.
goldman made much of the increase in its fourth-quarter profits through its own portfolio of long-term investments.in the meantime, goldman and jpmorgan are continuing to make money with their own investments: the lines between what, if any, of this activity will be banned and what remains are still to be set by the fed.
when apple launched its ipad device and ibookstore in 2010, amazon controlled nearly 90 per cent of an ebook market in which publishers were increasingly angered by the $9.99 price point the etailer charged for ebooks.the doj alleges that publishers struggled to increase prices on their own and that apple saw the opportunity to gain a foothold in the market by creating a scheme to help.
goldman sachs is facing sharp criticism over its potential profits for arranging a $3bn bond deal for a malaysian government fund before sunday's national elections .
goldman has said that the currency swaps played only a minimal role in greece's financial crisis and that the transactions were in line with european -regulations.
mr hollande had threatened to draft legislation forcing google to pay a share of revenues derived from links to french articles and snippets of stories if it did not reach a deal with publishers. google said the agreement meant it would not have to pay a share of its french revenues. as well as the eur60m fund, google will supply advertising to french newspapers' sites and share revenues from those ads - similar to agreements it has with publishers around the world.
jpmorgan chase and royal bank of scotland have been sued for more than $800m by the us credit union regulator for alleged mis-selling of mortgage-backed securities - the first in an expected series of lawsuits that look to recover "billions" of dollars.
the google proposal was made in response to a call from joaquín almunia, the eu's competition commissioner, for concessions that would address concerns raised in a probe that began nearly three years ago.
aca is now claiming that it was tricked by goldman and paulson into providing insurance on abacus, a $2bn bond deal created at the height of the housing boom."in fact, as goldman sachs and paulson knew, paulson intended to take an enormous short position in abacus" - exactly opposite to aca's position.
even in a recession scenario, jpmorgan expects at most a 6 per cent default rate, about half the rate of previous recessions.
bank_of_america merrill lynch is disposing of its japanese private banking joint venture with mitsubishi ufj financial group, becoming the latest in a string of foreign banks to pull out of high net-worth retail banking in japan.
when hank paulson moved from goldman sachs to the treasury in 2006, his banking past was neither excoriated nor really examined.
microsoft said it was "disappointed with the court's ruling" in spite of the fine being "slightly reduced". while microsoft once revelled in its reputation as antagonist-in-chief of the commission, its relations with brussels have transformed in the years since its 2009 settlement.
the goldman result in the fed's annual measuring of 18 bank balance sheets against the scenario of a deep global recession and market shock was the biggest surprise of the exercise and a potential threat to the company's ability to increase its dividend and share buyback.
almost anyone is now searchable on google or social media sites, and anyone remotely engaged would have a wikipedia entry, which is not unknown to be replete with inaccuracies.
but other venture capitalists (vcs) are counting large profits amid inevitable losses, as they "swing for the fences" in search of the google of renewable energy.
Barron's Magazine recently savaged Mr Miller for his 2006 record, trailing the Morningstar large cap blend category of funds by more than 12 per cent and the S&P500 by more than 13 per cent.
look at a list of the 10 biggest dollar-denominated covered bond deals and one thing stands out: the only us bank present is bank_of_america and it lies at the bottom.
shares in apple gyrated throughout the day before closing down 2.3 per cent at $439.85, following a 12 per cent slump in value on thursday. apple overtook exxon-mobil almost exactly a year ago, having briefly surpassed its market capitalisation in summer 2011.
us stocks had a positive start to september trading despite microsoft falling after news that the maker of windows software would buy nokia's mobile phone division.
jpmorgan disclosed a second investigation, which people familiar with the matter say relates to the bank's alleged failure to pass on proceeds it received in settlement claims it negotiated with loan originators or to disclose the settlements to investors. clayton analysed mortgages for banks including jpmorgan chase, goldman and credit suisse.
microsoft launched the phone 7 operating system seven months ago in an attempt to catch up with features found on the iphone and android- powered smartphones. microsoft has not disclosed how many phone 7 handsets have been sold since its launch, but gartner, the research group, estimates that about 1.6m phone 7 smartphones were shipped in the first quarter. lawyers for microsoft on tuesday began an appeal against the european commission in what looks set to be the final tussle in the antitrust battle in europe which has ensnared the group for more than a decade, writes nikki tait in brussels.
jamie dimon, the chief executive of jpmorgan chase, arrived in washington this week for the first in a gruelling double set of hearings with congress - there to answer how his traders had lost $2bn, writestom braithwaite.
facebook has had missteps in mobile, too.its "super app" for android phones, facebook home, essentially flopped. but with more than 1bn users who are spending more and more time on the site, facebook has shown, at a minimum, that it is a "bedrock" of advertising budgets, with marketers recognising that "they can't not buy from facebook".
apple falls from record high after reports of riots at china plant; wall street
such a rare year-over-year earnings drop would also reflect a shorter fiscal quarter to december this year than in 2011, apple said.apple stock has fallen more than 13 per cent since last month's all-time high of $705.07.
shares in apple gyrated throughout the day before closing down 2.3 per cent at $439.85, following a 12 per cent slump in value on thursday. apple overtook exxon-mobil almost exactly a year ago, having briefly surpassed its market capitalisation in summer 2011.
cftc split on settlement with jpmorgan over london whale
he is expected to testify about other galleon trades in goldman and procter & gamble shares, when the trial resumes today. yesterday, mr gupta's lawyers sought to counter the government's allegations by showing the jury goldman sachs's phone records indicating that adam smith, a galleon portfolio manager, received numerous calls on september 23 from david loeb, a goldman banker, who they have suggested could be a source of information other than mr gupta. goldman chief testifies at gupta insider trading trial
jamie dimon, chief executive of jpmorgan chase, told a congressional hearing yesterday that he was unaware that the bank's chief investment office was accumulating large losses because he had been assured by his top executives that there was only an "isolated, small issue".
apple had asked for just y100m ($1.3m) in damages, a reflection in part of the small compensation awards typically granted by japanese courts.
citigroup was off 1.7 per cent to $33.66 and wells_fargo fell 0.2 per cent to $30.58.
wells_fargo cuts dividend
samsung and apple are locked in about 20 legal disputes in nine countries including the us, south korea, japan and the uk.samsung is an important supplier of parts for apple products but the south korean company is also the biggest maker of smartphones based on google's android platform and is, therefore, apple's biggest competitor in smartphones and tablets.
sir, the self-serving argument by john stumpf, the wells_fargo chief executive, that fannie mae and freddie mac should increase the size of the mortgages they buy is ludicrous ("wells_fargo urges intervention", september 16).
i grew angry with apple for spoiling my nba experience.
part of the problem is that apple faces competition from amazon and google, who sell their $199 tablets at negligible margins, to drive sales of content or search advertising.
hours after apple emblazoned its website in october with pictures of its newly announced iphone 4s, the homepage was changed to a single, sober, black-and-white image of the company's co-founder, accompanied by the words "steve jobs 1955-2011".
lee raymond, the senior independent director at jpmorgan chase, has told shareholders not to risk a "disruptive" vote to strip jamie dimon of his chairmanship in a robust letter ahead of a crucial annual meeting in two weeks.
apple hits fresh high on court ruling and iphone 5 expectations
however, as relations deteriorated and mr dimon's bank faced an onslaught of new regulations that would curb risk-taking and crimp profits, the head of jpmorgan adopted a more defensive posture towards washington.
a us federal judge yesterday approved a $150m settlement between bank_of_america and the securities and exchange commission over disclosure issues related to the acquisition of merrill lynch, bringing closure to a matter that had turned into a public embarrassment for the regulator.
while describing apple as a "phenomenal company filled with talented people creating iconic products", mr einhorn said proposed changes to apple's corporate charter did not comply with securities and exchange commission voting rules and "unnecessarily limits the board's flexibility to distribute preferred stock as a means of unlocking shareholder value".
a group of bond investors plans to challenge an $8.5bn deal that bank_of_america struck last week with other investors to settle mis-selling claims over mortgage-backed securities sold by its countrywide financial unit.
the securities and exchange commission and the financial industry regulatory authority alleged that goldman failed to properly monitor the huddles where goldman equity research analysts shared their best trading ideas with traders and later clients, including hundreds of hedge funds, from 2006 to 2011.
facebook is facing the -prospect of another battle with privacy advocates over its latest policy revisions, with users under the age of 18 being one of the main sources of discord.
"all these factors play into being in power generation more than in the suppliers," said ankur sahu, co-head of private equity in asia at goldman sachs. the additional $135m to be invested by goldman in renew will take its total to $385m invested out of a possible $500m earmarked for the company. goldman has previously invested in the technology side, including an early- stage investment in and exit from suntech power, once the world's largest solar-panel maker by revenues but which has now all but collapsed .
home builder sentiment sank to a record low in october, according to the nahb/ wells_fargo housing market index. financial stocks were weaker again yesterday after mixed results from keycorp, us bancorp and wells_fargo & co. home builder sentiment sank to a record low in october, according to the nahb/ wells_fargo housing market index. financial stocks were weaker again yesterday after mixed results from keycorp, us bancorp and wells_fargo & co. in spite of constant speculation that san francisco-based wells_fargo might look for overseas acquisitions, mr kovacevich has frequently said he has no interest in straying outside the us.
valley focuses on photo app that will rival facebook or be sunk by sleaze
both pnc and wells_fargo are in the midst of acquisitions that may limit the portion of citi they would want to buy.
shares in the company, which were up 0.7 per cent to $702.24, have underperformed the s&p 500 in 2012. credit suisse analysts said: "we believe google shares have essentially traded sideways throughout this year given uncertainty surrounding the evolution of the search business from both a revenue growth and margin standpoint, with the companies limited disclosure around its now multiple business lines further complicating the issue. apple turns sour as google raises pressure with launch of maps app
people at jpmorgan suspect bloomberg reporters used login information to try to determine whether bruno iksil, the -london-based derivatives trader known as the "london whale", had left the bank.
in response to a stinging article on goldman sachs' business practices by greg smith, a departing derivatives salesman at the bank, jamie dimon, chief executive of jpmorgan, late on wednesday emailed the warning to his colleagues on jpmorgan's operating committee.
that question looms large over microsoft - and the career of chief executive steve ballmer - as the world's biggest software company prepares for a second push with the revamped operating system on which it has hung its pc legacy.
goldman lost $118m because of the trades and removed mr taylor from his job. "taylor's activity was flagged by our controls on december 14, 2007 with no impact to customer funds," goldman said in response to the cftc order.
the leaked memo came ahead of a judicial review tomorrow that will scrutinise a "sweetheart deal" struck by the revenue with goldman sachs in which the investment bank settled a long-running dispute with the tax authorities that had mistakenly let goldman off paying between £6m and £20m of interest.
in its claim against gupta, goldman quoted judge rakoff who previously said that "goldman sachs was the victim of gupta's crimes" and that the "heart of gupta's offences .[and] fiduciary duty of confidentiality to goldman sachs".
as probes were confirmed into the $2bn in trading losses disclosed by the bank this month, jpmorgan said it had hired the services of william mclucas, a lawyer at wilmerhale, who, as director of enforcement at the sec between 1989 and 1998, served the longest term as the top policeman on wall street.
jpmorgan chase is nearing a $6bn settlement with institutional investors to resolve claims that it mis-sold mortgage-backed securities, say people familiar with the matter.
jpmorgan chase suspended its share buyback this week to preserve capital in the wake of its $2bn trading losses.
but apple has sustained criticism from other campaign groups such as china labor watch, which said in august that "harsh working conditions" existed throughout apple's supply chain, beyond just foxconn.
i only hope ing will be vetting the children's future questions that flow into its facebook page so as to avoid such devastating enquiries as "why do we need investment bankers? "my second check," alexis carillo, a new herbalife distributor, wrote on her facebook page last month. unease over facebook director's share sale
now that facebook is being held increasingly accountable by federal privacy regulators, critics fear it is seeking to make itself less accountable to its users.
ocwen, a florida-based mortgage servicing group, will also pay $337.4m to retire a portion of debt that litton owes a goldman affiliate and provide litton with $2.47bn in advances.
us authorities are preparing criminal charges against two former jpmorgan chase bankers tied to the multibilliondollar "london whale" trading loss , in what would be the first charges to stem from the investigation, people familiar with the matter say.
the cio, which invests the excess deposits that jpmorgan does not lend, has been overhauled since the incident by a trader nicknamed "the london whale".
some internet users criticised apple yesterday for making its chinese customers "freeze and starve".
goldman sachs has agreed to pay $7m to the us regulator for commodities trading after allegedly failing to supervise properly a broker-dealer that used its clearing platform.
data: facebook should ask, not assume
the federal authorities have seized the contents of the wells_fargo account and also an account with the payments processor dwolla, which many us bitcoin holders use to transfer money to mt gox.
this february, as jpmorgan chase financial traders in london were building a credit derivatives position that would soon cost the bank $2bn, jamie dimon was otherwise occupied.as hard as it is for jpmorgan shareholders to change mr dimon's mind - its annual general meeting passed by quietly on tuesday - they stand no chance at facebook since mr zuckerberg controls most of the voting stock.
it blamed the collapse of its 2008 takeover bid on the intransigence of yahoo co-founder jerry yang, who held out for a higher price even in the face of a microsoft offer that put a big premium on his company.but people close to yahoo have always disputed that and claim that microsoft chief executive steve ballmer walked away when the deal was within his grasp.
the owner of manchester's trafford centre, 20 per cent owned by property tycoon john whittaker, slipped 2.2 per cent to 317.8p after goldman sachs downgraded to "sell".
the other extreme, of forcing some degree of structural separation at the company to reduce the incentives for google to manipulate the "black box" of search in its own favour, would be draconian and guarantee a transatlantic clash. that leaves relatively minor procedural steps and undertakings by google as the most workable outcome - with tough penalties for any transgressions in future.google already does much to help companies design their sites to work better with its search service and in some cases responds directly to complaints. the question will be whether mr almunia feels a package of remedies such as this is enough to limit google's growing power - and whether google itself feels it needs to make any concessions at all to head off what its leaders believe are wholly unwarranted concerns. of course, even if google concedes to a series of relatively unobtrusive remedies - with or without a statement of objectives - this is unlikely to be the end of the matter. other issues are already stacking up in the google case file.these include the rising influence of the android mobile operating system, which has drawn complaints from mobile operators who balk at being forced to accept google services as part of the deal. lost in google translation
bank_of_america said: "we are disappointed with the court's decision, and we continue to believe that our actions were fully supported by well-established new york law and the unambiguous language of the bankruptcy code. bank_of_america and pnc financial services have moved to reduce their stakes in blackrock, unveiling plans to sell 42m shares through a secondary offering of the investment manager's stock.
the move echoes investments microsoft has made in groups that have become thorns in ibm's side.
wells_fargo yesterday joined a string of banks and other blue-chip companies that have slashed their dividends in recent weeks as corporate america takes cover from the global downturn.
goldman "should better identify those funds in which company insiders have significant interests so that shareholders may judge how such interests relate to the overall performance of the company. a goldman spokesman declined to comment.
before formally accusing the group of an infringement, mr almunia has given google "a matter of weeks" to propose changes to the company that will address his antitrust concerns.the demand leaves google at a turning point. the commission has the power to fine google up to 10 per cent of its global revenues and force it to change its behaviour or restructure, without requiring a court order.to address the commission concerns, google would need to make changes to fundamental elements.mr almunia fears google favours its own products in search results, copies information without permission and shuts out advertising rivals.
the sec said it did not see the products disrupting the supply available for immediate delivery and gave the go-ahead to nyse arca, the exchange, to list the jpmorgan etf. jpmorgan said it could not comment until the launch of the copper etf, but in a previous submission to the sec the bank had countered that the product would not consume metal, but merely hold it.
amazon, google and starbucks have operated on this basis in many countries, including britain.terragon employs 25 people, has a client list that includes international brands such as google and a whole raft of local media companies for which he is building mobile news sites. google urges germans to oppose copyright bill
apple has moved much more slowly than other multinational brands to build a distribution and retail network in china and launches most of its products in the country several months after they go on sale in the us.on official launches of apple products, black marketeers snap up most devices and resell them with a hefty mark-up. if imitation is the sincerest form of flattery, then intel and microsoft, the twin powers that long dominated the personal computing world, are bidding to outdo each other in paying apple the ultimate compliment.
but far from approaching them as virgin territory requiring new ideas, as apple did with the iphone, technology companies tend to view them as disputed territory waiting to be colonised.the company that dominated the first era of personal computing has been struggling for a way to take the initiative now that apple has shifted consumers' focus from their desktop computers on to handheld mobile technology.this is a market in which it has been completely outflanked by apple and google, so using the ubiquitous windows to fight back was an obvious move. even apple is not immune. apple talks on music service hit royalty snag
he said: "through the years, we've found a clear correlation between people getting in and being introduced to apple and buying their first apple product, and some percentage of them buying other apple products. ubs estimates that apple could sell 17m iphones through china mobile next year, with more than two-thirds expected to be the 5c.by the time the founder of apple died in 2011, the tech group was the largest company in the world.apple may produce glamorous products but that does not make the company glamorous, and there is no cinematic way to make it so.what steve wozniak - his apple co-founder, and an inventor in the edison mould - considered neat gadgets, jobs reconceptualised as marketable products. "well, sir," the designer explains, "i guess i would say there are still those that believe in what apple stood for, what you stood for . if there was a moment when steve ballmer's legacy as microsoft's chief executive officer was sealed, it came in early 2010, as apple was preparing to unveil the ipad.
the filing adds to complaints by several other companies, including one owned by microsoft and one that is supported by a microsoft-funded lobby group, over what they claim are google's restrictive practices and bias in the advertising and search markets.
for its part, microsoft is still trying to square the circle between pcs and tablets.the return of the familiar "start" button (though not the full start menu it used to launch) is another concession to the fact that microsoft demanded too much of pc users as it tried to impose its own vision of touchscreen computing on them.
the lack of communication between the two companies on the surface contrasts with their collaboration on successive versions of microsoft windows.microsoft hasn't given us a very clear picture," mr kan said.
ubs reported a 3.3 per cent fall in uk pension fund assets last year while goldman registered a decline of 13.2 per cent.
apple shares were hit yesterday after reports that the company had cut orders for parts for the iphone 5 because of weaker demand than anticipated.
although google said the purchase was sparked by the company's need for a large portfolio of patents to defend its android mobile software from legal attack, analysts had worried that google would become distracted by the motorola turnround.
neither the risk nor the potential loss is material to the financial condition of the firm, a spokesman for the investment bank said last week, when it emerged that goldman was behind the trading glitch that upset the wider options market.
in any discussion of apple these days, talk turns inevitably to hardware and software: specifically, how can apple prevent an inexorable erosion of profit margins on the iphone? all of which begs what has become an overriding question for apple as the basis of competition in the mobile world has shifted: what about the services?
the gap since the ipad mini was announced last october has been the longest without new apple products in several years.
it is a decade since goldman sachs' payroll was regularly lower than $2bn a quarter.
the reversal is the first indication of google changing its business practices since the us federal trade commission launched a broad antitrust investigation into the company last month. the internet search company said on thursday that it would no longer carry parts of reviews posted on other local web services on its own google places, which carries information about local businesses.rival services such as yelp, which rely heavily on user-generated reviews and ratings to draw an audience, have complained that google is using the information from their users to give an unfair advantage to its own service.
goldman sachs has hired 350 investment banking summer interns out of 17,000 applications, claiming it has "no problem" attracting talent six years after the financial crisis sparked deep cuts to wall street jobs and bonuses.
financials led gains, with bank_of_america coming back from a 20 per cent drop on monday to gain 16.7 per cent to $7.60.nomura analyst glenn schorr wrote that the "sell-off in bank_of_america seems overdone".
mr zuckerberg made no repeat of the google founders' warning to investors that theirs was a "different kind of company", one that would not pay attention to the usual concerns of the financial markets, such as short-term profits - a stance that contributed to perceptions of arrogance that alienated many potential google investors.
there could hardly be a better moment for google to change its spots.
google and amazon in web name scrum
the fsa said yesterday that mr hannam, chairman of equity capital markets, disclosed inside information about heritage oil, a jpmorgan client that he was advising, in two 2008 letters to a potential buyer of a stake in the group. ian hannam, the london banker dubbed "the king of mining m&a", has resigned from jpmorgan cazenove, vowing to fight a £450,000 fine by the uk financial services authority for market abuse.
both wells_fargo and citi reported a fall in revenue compared with the same quarter last year.
for online retailers such as apple and media groups such as vivendi, which owns emi, the consequences of a market for second-hand digital goods "may be dramatic", says mr ballard. for online retailers such as apple and media groups such as vivendi, which owns emi, the consequences of a market for second-hand digital goods "may be dramatic", says mr ballard. apple slide continues on fears over falling iphone demand; wall street
apple loses its crown to exxon
apple said its internal mac systems were hacked by the same attackers that targeted facebook and twitter last month, in a rare admission of vulnerability from a highly secretive company whose products have long been seen as more resistant to intrusion.
with a few exceptions, the sec alleged, goldman failed to review whether analysts disclosed future ratings changes to clients during the huddles.
many of the largest us banks were under pressure, with wells_fargo off 1.7 per cent to $40.62, jpmorgan chase down 1.6 per cent to $51.83, and citigroup lower by 2 per cent to $48.18.
bank_of_america is blocking all payments intended for wikileaks amid growing speculation the whistle-blowing site will embarrass the finance industry as it has the us government by leaking thousands of private diplomatic cables.
wells_fargo is latest to slash its dividend
options awarded to the senior goldman partners about a decade ago expired yesterday, leading to a rush by the goldman executives to cash in.
payam tamiz was seeking a libel claim against google over the comments, which were posted in april 2011 and removed in august 2011 by the blog owner after a complaint via google.although lord justice richards and lord justice sullivan agreed with the original ruling that google was not a primary or secondary publisher of the content it hosted, they said it was "at least arguable that some point after notification google became liable for continued publication of the material".
the european case was triggered by complaints that google had unfairly penalised some websites by pushing them down the rankings in search results, and abused its dominance of search advertising.
following the merger with bank_of_america in 2008, merrill lynch's principal property investment business was no longer seen as a core activity.
the overhaul seemed set to trigger fresh scrutiny from privacy advocates, some of whom have voiced concern about recent google moves to user personal data gathered in one service to power others.
jpmorgan is in settlement talks with the us securities and exchange commission, department of justice and the fca to resolve civil allegations related to the 2012 trading loss.
bank_of_america said current charge-offs and loans at least 30 days overdue fell slightly in january.bank_of_america was not deeply involved with subprime loans.bank_of_america was not deeply involved with subprime mortgages. but the twin probes of the 2008 bank_of_america merger with merrill lynch appear to have set a benchmark, prompting a judge in charge of one case to complain they were "strikingly different".
google suffered a brief and rare outage on friday when all of its services became inaccessible for one to five minutes, but analysts said the internet search company emerged without a meaningful dent to its revenues or reputation.
further evidence of the deteriorating state of the us economy emerged yesterday as both jpmorgan chase and wells_fargo reported that fourth-quarter earnings had been hit by higher provisions for loan losses in consumer-related businesses.
us authorities are stepping up investigations into the alleged mis-selling of mortgage-backed securities, with new action this week against bank_of_america and jpmorgan chase.
the cumulative loss in output compared with the pre-crisis trend is 12 per cent and widening, goldman sachs estimates.five months later and @gselevator , the anonymous twitter profile that purports to chronicle conversations overheard in goldman sachs' office elevator, has reached more than 128,000 followers.
microsoft has sold more than 400m copies of windows 7 but revenues for this division were down 1 per cent for the quarter and 2 per cent for the full year. peter klein, chief financial officer, told analysts that microsoft expected windows revenues to continue to be affected by weaker developed markets in its new fiscal year. microsoft shares fell more than 1 per cent in extended trading before recovering to be flat at $27.07.its office 2010 product, released in june last year, drove $22.2bn in sales for microsoft business, its biggest division, during the fiscal year, representing 16 per cent growth and 7 per cent for the quarter.
but if google is unwilling to make an early proposal to resolve commission concerns within the next few weeks, mr almunia has made it clear he will serve the us group with formal charges.
goldman said in the filing that its board members had debated the effectiveness of the dual position in their annual assessment of the bank's leadership structure. goldman reports first-quarter earnings next tuesday and is forecast by analysts to post a strong turnround in revenues after a better trading start to the year. goldman will hold its annual meeting next month, when investors will be asked to vote on a number of shareholder-led proposals.
newsweek's print edition has folded and time is cutting jobs, but facebook co-founder chris hughes has endowed the new republic with a cachet other magazines have lost.
minnesota-based us bancorp, and wells_fargo, formed when norwest, minnesota's biggest bank, bought san francisco's wells_fargo and took its name and head office, represent the conservative minnesotan approach to banking. wells_fargo yesterday lost the bragging rights to a top notch triple a rating when moody's downgraded the west coast lender after the completion of its $15bn -takeover of stricken rival wachovia.
google admitted in 2010 that cars working on its street view map service had gathered private information from unsecured wireless networks. however, a report published in april by the us federal communications commission found new -evidence that google had failed to follow up on an email between an employee and his line manager -making them aware that the data were being collected and flagging it as a potential privacy concern.
wells_fargo has amassed such a large share of new and refinanced loans - at times approaching 40 per cent, according to inside mortgage finance, which collates industry data - that it has worried federal reserve officials.
goldman sachs, barclays capital, bank_of_america and credit suisse will bid on the debt, which was acquired by the new york fed as part of the bail-out of aig in 2008. bank_of_america merrill lynch is to lay off a fifth of its 75 managing directors in asia as part of a reshuffle at the troubled us lender, according to people familiar with the matter.
david mayhew, veteran chairman of jpmorgan cazenove, is announcing his retirement just weeks after the 25th anniversary of big bang.a 2004 joint venture with jpmorgan led to the us bank paying £1bn for the 50 per cent of blue-blooded business that it did not own in 2009. elder statesman stays within jpmorgan fold
judges have tried to push apple and samsung to settle the case before a trial, with one australian judge branding the case "ridiculous" and others forcing them to reduce the number of claims against each other. apple accuses its korean rival of infringing patents in the iphone and ipad's industrial design, its "multi-touch" user interface and "trade dress" rights covering its overall appearance. samsung is expected to argue that apple has been freeriding on its intellectual property because it did not license its wireless data transmission patents.its legal team will seek to show that customers are discerning and unlikely to be confused between samsung and apple devices, and point to dozens of examples of what they will argue constitute "prior art" to the ipad, some tablets dating back as far as the 1990s.
jpmorgan stems money fund losses
social networks such as facebook and twitter were born in a wave of optimism about the benefits that would come from giving billions of people free access to each other on the web.this is yet another sign that instagram's owner, facebook - itself an habitual privacy trespasser - has failed to put its users' valid concerns first.but the dominance of companies such as facebook and instagram make it difficult to exert this power. in the wake of friday's shooting - which claimed 27 lives, including 20 children - the nra had gone conspicuously silent, deactivating its facebook page and letting its twitter account run dry even as calls for tighter gun controls grew louder.
jpmorgan chase produced an uninspiring start to the bank earnings' season, reporting flat year-on-year earnings after a torrid summer hit investment banking revenues and offset improvements in the consumer business.
peter klein, chief financial officer, put the sharp rise in expenses down to stronger sales of the xbox console and the kinect game controller, which carry bigger costs, as well as an unexpected shortfall in search advertising following the integration of the microsoft and yahoo advertising systems.
"you will live on through the culture of design that you have created not only at apple, but in the companies and start-ups in the world inspired by it," wrote dave morin, 30, chief executive of path, and a former employee at apple and facebook, on his tumblr blog. temporary public shrines have also been built outside apple stores across the world and jobs' home in palo alto, where mourners placed apples, flowers, photographs and even iphones in his memory.
last year google exploited a loophole on mine and millions of other iphones to allow them to track my private visits to various websites.google settled the us federal trade commission complaint about this for $22.5m.
the company faced additional competitive pressures yesterday from google , which released its own maps application for apple devices amid criticism of the iphone maker's software.
"in the lucrative western markets, where the big advertising spends lie, facebook can no longer rely on an increase in user numbers to increase revenue," said gregory lyons, a researcher at icrossing, a digital marketing agency. facebook now has 600m users accessing the site via a mobile device, compared with 552m in june this year.this leaves plenty of potential users facebook could tap to build to the next 1bn, but the company faces significant cultural, linguistic, and regulatory challenges moving into these countries, especially china.
apple had faced two weeks of attacks in the chinese media from its government-controlled cctv channel and other outlets for being "greedy" and "incomparably arrogant".
meanwhile, attempts to reach him on facebook were unsuccessful.
shares in jpmorgan fell 2 per cent yesterday to $32.96. jpmorgan to spin out 'special investments'
jpmorgan is expected to warn there could be additional smaller losses this year as it completes the unwind.
wells_fargo could yet pay out more in damages, as it has yet to settle with state attorneys-general who are investigating the same issues.
jpmorgan disclosed last month that in may prosecutors in california had "preliminarily concluded that the firm violated certain federal securities laws" when it sold subprime loans packaged into securities. jpmorgan chase's $920m settlement over its trading fiasco marks the first time that a london authority has been at eye's level with its transatlantic counterparts in handing out painful fines, highlighting a much stricter penalty policy, writes daniel schäfer .
the sanction issued by joaquín almunia, the eu's antitrust enforcer, is a serious financial and reputational setback for microsoft that carries a special sting given the whistleblowing role of its arch-rival google.
in an october meeting with eric schmidt, google chairman, president françois hollande threatened to draft legislation forcing google to pay a share of its revenues derived from links to articles if it did not reach a deal to do so with french publishers by year's end.
so it is welcome that companies such as facebook and google are taking a stance on anonymity. despite the indignation of some google plus users at being ejected, google has every right to set its own rules - those who dislike them can go elsewhere. the worst breach to date in the dominant system for securing websites has raised fears that thousands of iranians have had their google e-mail read by government authorities.
after hitting lows in late 2012, the shares recovered in early 2013 to break the $30 level but dipped back as facebook shifted its focus to new products and put less emphasis on advertising.
icap among biggest fallers after goldman downgrade
This week's chart, attached, shows the performance of the S&P500 excluding the financial sector, and also the financial sector itself since the start of 2006.Since last August S&P500 non-financial stocks are down 9 per cent, while financials are down a whopping 30 per cent.This week's chart, attached, shows the performance of the S&P500 excluding the financial sector, and also the financial sector itself since the start of 2006.Since last August S&P500 non-financial stocks are down 9 per cent, while financials are down a whopping 30 per cent.Stocks of nine life insurers among the 11 that listed shares recorded investment returns higher than the S&P500 index.
but jpmorgan analysts suggested demand for dram memory, a major product for many semiconductor companies, would continue to fall.
goldman faces loss of $100m over glitch in trading
jpmorgan declined to comment.
jpmorgan chase may have harpooned the "london whale", but the long-awaited accounting of the bank's disastrous credit trades has raised new issues.
turbulent credit markets exacerbated flaws in the trading strategy, jpmorgan said. jpmorgan also restated its "value at risk", a measure of maximum possible daily losses, of the cio in the first quarter from $67m to $129m.
benedict evans, a london-based smartphone analyst with enders analysis, points to the "catch-22" situation in which apple finds itself, where high sales create fears of market saturation and low sales suggest slowing growth. silicon valley technologists love to scoff at wall street's narrative that a more "normal" apple is somehow "doomed", pointing to apple's record sales of iphones and ipads, and one of the biggest quarterly profits in american corporate history.
advisory revenues were flat and goldman cautioned that "transaction backlog decreased" compared with the end of last year.goldman featured on some of the biggest, including advising virgin media on its $23.3bn sale to liberty global .
the problem is most acute at warehouses owned by glencore in the netherlands and goldman in detroit. hkex's bid must still pass a vote of the lme's shareholders, of which the largest are jpmorgan and goldman sachs.
microsoft alleged that since acquiring youtube, google had put in place a number of measures to restrict competing search engines from properly accessing it for their results. microsoft also alleged that google was restricting its advertising customers access to their own data, discriminating against would-be competitors by making it more expensive for them to obtain prominent ad space on its site, and blocking access to content owned by publishers.
schmidt also seemed surprised when i pointed out that some believed google might, in fact, have an added responsibility to address the issue of violent extremism, given the way extremists use the video site youtube, which google bought for $1.65bn in 2006, to disseminate messages.
apple already owns much of the technology required to operate such a service. but apple currently has no such plans, people close to the situation say.
the flow of profits from traditional business in media and telecoms to silicon valley start-ups that have spawned dotcom heroes such as google and apple has also meant that the power increasingly lies away from these once-mighty converged models of content and distribution.
gem diamonds outperformed a falling london market after goldman sachs added the miner to its "buy" list.
goldman says brent will hit $130
apple said it would hold a shareholder vote on the issuance of preferred stock irrespective of whether the board had the right to do so or not, but a federal judge sided with mr einhorn and blocked apple from holding the vote at its february 27 meeting .
wells_fargo said: "we received the letter and we're reviewing it. us bancorp fell 0.8 per cent to $26.09 while wells_fargo retreated 2 per cent to $31.50.
there are signs of change: 40 per cent of jpmorgan chase investors voted this week to have an independent chairman. the jpmorgan fiasco illustrates the danger in this. jpmorgan remains jamie's show.he encourages it," says michael cavanagh, the jpmorgan executive investigating the london mess.
shareholder greed and poor regulation help explain jpmorgan loss
so might this week's sudden departure of mr sinofsky, a well-regarded engineer, cast a shadow at just the moment mr ballmer feels he has put microsoft back in the game?
a german court on friday banned the sale of samsung's newest galaxy tab tablet computer in europe's largest market as it upheld a complaint by apple that its south korean rival lifted the design from its ipad.
shares in apple ticked up 0.2 per cent to $468.77 but remain down more than 7 per cent since tuesday's event.
mr pierce testified that a few goldman bankers were brought over the "wall", requiring them to keep the investment and stock offering confidential.
mr schorr added that the jpmorgan losses also made it likely that moody's, the credit rating agency, would become more steadfast in its deteriorated views of the banking industry. jj kinahan, chief derivatives strategist at td ameritrade, said: "the jpmorgan situation, although not good for the company itself, seems to be a limited situation to that name. jpmorgan blames 'bad judgment' for $2bn hit; shock disclosure sends shares 6% lower
brazil judge orders arrest of google operations chief; youtube videos
apple lost the crown as the world's most valuable company to exxonmobil yesterday, capping a difficult week for the iphone maker and its investors.
energy watchdog warns jpmorgan
it also ruled that samsung had breached an apple patent with a feature that makes the interface appear to "bounce back" when a user scrolls to the edge of the screen.
richard joseph, 43, was convicted of six counts of trading on confidential and price-sensitive information leaked from a print room at jpmorgan cazenove .
in the us, jpmorgan admitted that it violated securities laws and paid $200m to the sec for "failure to maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting" - a break from the sec's practice to allow settlements without admissions of wrongdoing. jpmorgan shares fell 1.24 per cent in new york trading.
apple , the most heavily weighted stock on both the s&p 500 and nasdaq, dropped as much as 1.8 per cent but recovered somewhat to close 0.4 per cent lower at $635.85.
shares in apple opened more than 1 per cent lower yesterday.
The US S&P500 has soared to a new record high, while India's bourse market cap topped AGBP500bn and the spread of US junk bonds over US Treasuries fell to a record low of 2.42 per cent.
goldman sachs is closing a prominent hedge fund after the portfolio fell sharply and investors headed for the exits, according to a letter to clients of the global alpha fund and people familiar with the situation.
in the goldman case, two employees received wells notices but only one, fabrice tourre, was ultimately sued.when the sec sued goldman its stock dropped 13 per cent.
nokia has billed its decision to sell most of its handset and services business to microsoft as the "next chapter". he was accused in online comments yesterday of being, variously, a microsoft "spy", guilty of "sabotage", having carried out an "inside job" to deliver nokia to the us company where he once worked and to which he will now return.
the facebook curse that bred distrust
the deadline marked a key moment for microsoft to head off the risk that valueact would become a magnet for other unhappy investors.
one former partner said it underscored "how poor goldman sachs is at empowering local talent in china".
google faces european damages case
steve ballmer became chief executive of microsoft in january 2000, a few months before a federal judge ordered the company to be broken up on antitrust grounds, because it was too powerful and was extending its grip too widely.this ruling was later reversed and, 11 years later microsoft remains in one piece, and its size and scope has turned into its weakness.
his comments to staff come as jpmorgan is in talks to pay more than $800m to settle with securities and bank regulators over activities behind the london whale trading loss. jpmorgan in talks to pay $800m 'whale' fine
wells_fargo said on wednesday it expected losses on wachovia's $118.7bn option arm portfolio to reach $36bn.
goldman sachs shares closed lower after sea-sawing throughout the session, in spite of reporting solid earnings on the back of a recovery in revenues from investment banking and trading.
bank_of_america began the week facing questions on everything from its foreclosure practices to its ability to adapt to new limits on consumer-banking fees. shares of bank_of_america plunged by 6.5 per cent early on friday, recovering to 4.3 per cent in afternoon trading. bank_of_america shares dropped 5.2 per cent to $12.60 and citigroup fell 4.5 per cent to $4.06. bank_of_america said that it would halt foreclosures across the us amid mounting pressure from lawmakers for an industrywide investigation into the practices of leading lenders.
mr swinson said the high court's reasoning would not necessarily help google in relation to the non-advertising parts of its website.
facebook faced a barrage of complaints from shareholders over the company's depressed stock price at its first annual general meeting yesterday, prompting mark zuckerberg, chief executive, to express his own disappointment.
outrage reverberated across the internet and twittersphere on wednesday after google announced that google reader, its influential service collating feeds from news sites and blogs, would be shut down on july 1.
the us congress raised the heat on jamie dimon, the chief executive of jpmorgan chase, as his lieutenants were grilled over failings of risk management and disclosures around the "london whale" affair.
attempts by microsoft and google to persuade the obama administration to let them reveal more about the extent of internet surveillance by the us national security agency have failed, the top lawyer at microsoft disclosed yesterday.
yesterday's decline of 3.8 per cent saw apple close at $558.00, a five-month low. wall street has been worried by warnings from foxconn, which manufactures the iphone and other apple devices, that it is struggling to meet the company's quality requirements.
apple has sued samsung in samsung's home country with less success.sales of more than a dozen apple and samsung tablets and smartphone models have been banned.
goldman has wisely desisted from rubbishing mr smith and his motivations even though his accusations will smart. goldman cannot afford to be blasé about mr smith's claims. dimon warns over goldman outcry
hackers have published a trove of sensitive information about 1m apple devices online, embarrassing the company on the eve of the launch of its new iphone .
apple should be the bigger sufferer, though, because its high-end strategy has sidelined it in fast-growing emerging markets, where samsung sells cheaper models.last year it beat apple to become the world's top chip consumer, according to gartner. apple loses market cap crown to exxon; markets
further evidence of the deteriorating state of the us economy emerged yesterday as both jpmorgan chase and wells_fargo reported that fourth-quarter earnings had been hit by higher provisions for loan losses in consumer-related businesses.
facebook shares continue to struggle more than a year after its initial public offering, amid concerns about the company's ability to engage users and attract advertisers.
the award - revealed in proxy materials for nokia's extraordinary general meeting to be held on november 19 to approve the sale of its mobile phone business to microsoft - is likely to stoke anger over the deal. some in finland believe that mr elop's time at microsoft means he had a conflict of interest in selling out to the us technology company.there have also been complaints that the eur5.44bn that microsoft paid was too low for what was until last year the world's biggest maker of mobile phones by units.
carmen segarra is suing the new york fed and three of its officials in a federal court in new york, saying that her superiors interfered with her work examining goldman and expressed concern that the bank would be harmed by her criticism.
einhorn drops apple cash lawsuit
more than 15,000 students are quizzed each year about their ideal employers (apple and google are the favourites - again) and how they feel about work. google pioneered the technology industry's dismal trend of stripping shareholders of voting rights with its initial public offering in 1994. google set up a special committee of board members that took 15 months to agree to the proposal, having "retained its own financial and legal advisers". to add insult to injury, mr brin and mr page have written to shareholders citing the "clear, well-publicised expectations we established for investors in 2004" and expressing satisfaction that "we have protected google from outside pressure". google has been successful but what happens when something goes wrong and investors want to challenge mr page, its chief executive?the current effort by third point, a hedge fund, to challenge yahoo by placing its own slate of directors on the board would be impossible in google or groupon's cases.
first, apple subtracted its cash held abroad - $64bn, or two-thirds of the total - because repatriating it would make it subject to tax.
the search for a london home comes two months after google faced down political criticism of its tax policies. mr schmidt said in may that google would invest in the uk "no matter what" after ed miliband, the labour leader, criticised it for going to "extraordinary lengths" to avoid tax .
google alone has used ireland and the netherlands to shift billions of dollars of earnings to the tax haven of bermuda, resulting in an overseas tax rate of just 5 per cent last year.
apple will now need to prove that it can match a company like google that was born in the services world.however, as demonstrated by mobileme - a service for managing things such as email and calendars, and one of the few apple services that mr jobs was prepared to call a failure - apple has not always thrived in services before.
With the collapse in gold stock dividend yields - after decades of tracking the S&P500 DY - McGregor says investors are paying too little attention to mine life.
bank_of_america reported improved core profits for the first quarter, aided by a rebound in trading revenues, but unlike its peers failed to turn a profit in mortgages , showing the persistent problems in that business.
in november, apple had about 700,000 available apps, as did google.apple vets apps before they can enter its store whereas google does not review any android apps before making them available, giving developers more freedom but increasing the risks for users.
last week it emerged that goldman sachs had closed its hudson street platform, one of the most high-profile independent research projects started by an investment bank involved in the settlement.goldman has other business models and other priorities. the closure of hudson street, first reported by reuters, is "not a surprise", according to a former goldman executive close to the project.another source within goldman said that customers had simply been unwilling to pay for the product - an issue that also applies to big banks' own research offerings, which are often loss-leaders for other banking business.
some operators' apps have floundered, and once-popular apps have sold up or faded away, raising questions about the sustainability of a standalone service that is not tied to a wider platform, such as facebook or the iphone.
samsung, which sold only about 1m fewer smartphones than apple in the second quarter, is widely expected to have overtaken apple as the biggest smartphone seller in the third quarter.it came at the end of a long day at apple trying to understand what made the company tick. it was late 2009 and i had been hired for a few months to do some writing for the then nascent apple university, an internal programme intended to help rising executives within the company learn the business of apple.failure is a far better teacher than success, and since the early 2000s, apple had been on a tear.when you asked what made apple apple, the answers came back implausibly bland: focus, simplicity, great design, vision, steve.under the hood, apple was as corporate as it comes.but jobs ordered this campaign in 1997, when he had just returned to apple and the company was all but bankrupt. gillian tett's column in the ft weekend magazine about the new virtual cemetery website, i-tomb, went to press before apple founder steve jobs passed away.we regret any offence the article may cause to the jobs family or apple users.
the world of microsoft advertising is occupied by ordinary, pc-using people falling into nefarious privacy traps laid by google.
bank of new york mellon and wells_fargo also disappointed investors with fourth-quarter earnings. bank of new york mellon and wells_fargo also disappointed investors with fourth-quarter earnings. the diverging fortunes of main street and wall street were highlighted as a trading slump hit goldman sachs' fourthquarter results, while wells_fargo and us bancorp benefited from the gradually healing fortunes of us consumers.
blackstone, goldman sachs and tpg declined to comment.eight years after he uttered them, gupta was convicted by a new york court of insider trading, of leaking privileged information gleaned from his position on the board of goldman sachs to raj rajaratnam , founder of the hedge fund galleon.
facebook shares have fallen nearly 21 per cent in the past month, as investors worry about a cycle of negative news as well as the social network's long-term business prospects.
brian wieser, an analyst with pivotal research, said video ads folded into the news feed would be no more intrusive than any other ads facebook delivered there but any auto-play feature that forced people to watch could annoy some users.
if adopted, the deal would bring to a close a three-year regulatory battle and spare google hefty fines and curbs on its behaviour.
in comments recorded for abc's the view , mr obama said jpmorgan was "one of the best managed banks there is" but "still lost $2bn and counting".
microsoft prepares u-turn on windows 8; failure on par with 'new coke' fiasco
google has challenged the us ban on disclosing the extent of its involvement in secret government surveillance, in the latest move by an internet company to counter the damage caused by the national security agency internet spying scandal.
microsoft was fined eur561m by the european competition regulator this week for failing to offer users of its windows operating system a choice of web browser.
shares in facebook have dropped some 31.7 per cent since their public float in may but have recovered in recent weeks since reaching their all-time low of $17.73 in september .
wall street stocks rallied strongly yesterday, breaking a three-day losing streak as estimate-beating results from wells_fargo helped financials to their biggest ever one day gains and oil prices dropped sharply.
a us judge criticised goldman for having conflicts of interest, sparking a wider debate about the role of big banks in m&a and a review of practices at goldman .
this prompted complaints by rival social media sites such as twitter, in what critics say is one of several examples of google promoting in-house "vertical" services to the detriment of both users and competitors.
the government, royal mail and their banking advisers were certainly cautious, partly because they feared if the price were set too high the flotation would end up like that of facebook , criticised for a heavy post-listing drop on the markets.
struck by a daily onslaught of rumours and speculation about the next iphone or ipad, apple always refuses to discuss future product launches.
by concealing 6,320 bad loans, the lawsuit alleges, wells_fargo avoided $190m in repayment to the insurance programme.
barney jones, a google sales executive from 2002 to 2006, went public with some of the testimony behind last week's parliamentary hearing, which prompted margaret hodge, chair of the public accounts committee, to label the company as "evil" .
bank_of_america suffered its fourth largest single-day loss of the year, at one point coming within touching distance of its year low of $6.31.
the person who is on facebook or amazon a lot may well be the one who is the most efficient.and the trouble is, they only see you on facebook at 10am, not checking email at 10pm.and if the guests who were invited on facebook talk to the guests who received gold-leaf invitations six months in advance, things may get awkward.
across chips, tvs, flat screens and handsets, samsung electronics has made more net income during the past 11 years than every other global technology company bar microsoft and ibm. tech blog (richard waters): with european competition officials close to a decision on whether to open a full investigation into google, the opposition forces (with microsoft clearly in the background) have been ramping up the attack.
goldman's selection is a setback for morgan stanley, which was criticised for its handling of the facebook ipo.
one industry observer said jpmorgan expected that the trading loss would become part of the broader regulatory debate in washington but did not believe the white house would seize on it in the campaign because it would open the president up to criticism for being "too close" to the bank.
goldman and jpmorgan were rebuked by officials for "weaknesses" in their procedures for planning payouts to shareholders.jpmorgan raised its dividend but cut its buyback programme sharply to $6bn from $15bn last year; the more conservative stance an attempt to reach new regulatory capital levels ahead of schedule. both goldman and jpmorgan reported losses that were vastly lower than the fed's estimates when they unveiled the results of their own banking stress tests.jpmorgan said it would lose just $200m - a fraction of the $32.3bn predicted by the fed.
the order, against which google is appealing, is the second time this month that an electoral court in brazil has tried to arrest a top executive at the company for failing to delete youtube videos attacking a mayoral candidate.while google frequently faces challenges worldwide over videos or images uploaded to its websites, especially in the middle east, brazil is one of the countries where the company receives the highest number of requests for content removal.
google has nearly doubled the revenues shifted to bermuda over the past three years to $9.8bn, it emerged this week, as the internet search company defended its tax policies against international criticism.
lawyers for two former jpmorgan chase employees facing possible criminal charges tied to the $6bn "london whale" trading loss said yesterday their european-based clients were not in hiding or seeking to evade authorities.
a jpmorgan executive declined to comment on mr dimon's tirade at mr carney. it includes metrics on the project, which aims to deliver $1.3bn in business benefits, as well as on the progress in decommissioning legacy computer systems, some dating back to before the merger of jpmorgan and chase manhattan in 2000.
that the overly ambitious, acquisition-hungry brazilian investment bank models itself on goldman sachs is hardly comforting.the last goldman wannabe, mf global, blew up and $1.6bn of client money is missing.organisations as varied as goldman sachs, the automobile association and water suppliers became public companies.
power is not the only outstanding issue on the commodities front: jpmorgan has been subpoenaed, along with other banks, by the us commodity futures trading commission, which is investigating the metals warehousing industry and whether banks are pushing up the prices of metals by creating artificial backlogs in warehouses they own.
microsoft chief's bonus slashed for third year
so worried is google about the bill before the bundestag that it has launched a campaign warning it could end easy access to information on the web and calling for google users to phone or email their local member of parliament in protest.
goldman escapes investor protests over executive pay
apple shares continued their slide from the previous session and fell below the $500 level, erasing gains for the past 11 months.
they found that jpmorgan and bank_of_america were at risk of losing 1 to 2 per cent of revenues, while goldman sachs could lose 10 per cent and morgan stanley could see a fall of 3 to 4 per cent.
wells_fargo said net credit losses increased 35 per cent from last year to dollars 892m and rose 24 per cent from dollars 720m in the second quarter. overall, wells_fargo said it earned dollars 2.28bn in the third quarter, or 68 cents per share, up 4 per cent from dollars 2.19bn, or 64 cents per share, last year.
in a stormy parliamentary hearing earlier this year, margaret hodge, chair of the public accounts committee denounced google as "evil" and accused it of "devious, calculating and unethical" behaviour by booking sales in ireland.
the company has about 1,000 authorised resellers in the country but these are by far outnumbered by shops that sell apple gadgets smuggled in from abroad.an increasing number of them have even taken to posing as official apple stores .
The S&P500 was down 5.19 per cent, the Dow Jones Industrial Average was off 4.61 per cent with the Nikkei 225 slumping by 8.64 per cent.
the uk's top tax official is likely to be questioned by mps today over leaked documents concerning the settlement of a tax dispute with goldman sachs.
big investors in bundled uk mortgages, including jpmorgan chase, have received an unexpected boon from a new government programme aimed at encouraging banks to lend.
with hardware, apple is at least on surer ground. at $199, google's nexus 7 and amazon's kindle fire have left apple little room to defend its ipad profit margins with a small screen. valid or not, this is not an argument that apple can make: it has stumbled in advertising and has always maintained that the itunes store is run at break-even to support its core hardware business.if it can't come up with strong hardware differentiation, apple is itself now threatened with business model disruption.
in march, the sec filed an administrative proceeding alleging that mr gupta engaged in insider trading by tipping raj rajaratnam, convicted founder of hedge fund galleon group, with secret information about goldman sachs and procter & gamble while serving on the boards of both groups.
wells_fargo still struggling with bad loans
ejustice filed with the commission last year and its grievance, together with two other separate complaints, prompted brussels to open an in-depth probe, looking at whether google gave preferential treatment to its own services when ranking results and whether its contractual relationships with advertisers may also have breached competition rules.
jpmorgan chase is preparing to admit wrongdoing in a civil settlement with authorities in the us and uk over its "london whale" trading losses in a departure from the practice of banks "neither admitting nor denying" -culpability.
facebook stock slumped from $38 to $28.84 in the 10 days following the initial sale.a facebook page calling for a protest had attracted more than 2,000 members. facebook loses big groups' ad campaigns
denise cote, a federal judge in new york, cited "admissions" by steve jobs, as well as emails and telephone calls between apple, amazon and publishing executives as proof that apple acted as a ringleader in a price-fixing conspiracy when it launched its digital books business.
at goldman sachs, elevator banter apparently goes like this: "#1: did you forget your belt today? when tpg joined forces with kkr and goldman sachs in 2007 to buy a texas utility, though, it did not realise that the gas boom, already under way in the barnett shale, would doom the deal to failure.
it was a play straight out of the microsoft handbook for aspiring monopolists: take a dominant product from one market and use it to plant a flag in another.it has been attempting what microsoft did with windows 8, only in reverse - and in a more subtle way.and the colourful slabs of "live tiles" microsoft has developed for touchscreens have been widely praised, even if they have made little dent in the smartphone market where they were first used.
up until june of this year, jpmorgan told the california operator that once ferc was called in, it was no longer legally compelled to comply with the state authority's investigation. however, that was a false assessment of the legal position, meaning that the statements made by jpmorgan during that period had been misleading.
she rejected a jpmorgan internal review that found she was partly at fault. it identifies a list of failings at the bank; accusing jpmorgan of using the cio to put on what amounted to a risky proprietary trading strategy, hiding losses on the trade and attempting to "manipulate" its regulatory capital down, and, finally, lying to investors and regulators.
apple lost the crown as the world's most valuable company to exxonmobil yesterday, capping a difficult week for the iphone maker and its investors.
some facebook users have taken to the social media site to complain, setting up opposition groups like "end promoted posts" and "against paying money to announce/promote posts" and grumbling that facebook is turning directly to users to ease the pressure it faces from investors.
behind this tit-for-tat marketing, an important message was being conveyed, namely that google and apple had moved some high-tech manufacturing from asia to the us. apple was a part of life at burberry even before the fashion group's chief executive, angela ahrendts, announced her departure to the tech company. citi is fined $30m over leaked apple research
the row comes after negotiations broke down last summer to renew a contract that allowed google to index twitter's constant flow of hundreds of millions of daily tweets.
when goldman sachs paid $550m to the us securities watchdog in 2010 to settle claims that it had mis-sold a complex debt product known as abacus, the bank's executives were no doubt hoping that the scandal would be forgotten.
goldman sachs last week became the latest to join the bears' camp, advising clients to short gold and predicting that the price will fall to $1,450 an ounce by december and further decline to $1,270 by the end of 2014.
profit and loss statements from october 17 that were presented to the goldman board showed the bank was losing $1.96 per share so far that quarter.prosecutors had previously played a tape of a phone call in which mr rajaratnam told a galleon colleague: "i heard yesterday from somebody who's on the board of goldman sachs, that they are going to lose $2 per share. goldman chief tells of rounded figures
google is getting more aggressive in prioritising its own services in search results at the expense of independent sites, according to a senior tripadvisor executive, even since the search engine group has come under closer regulatory scrutiny following allegations of anticompetitive behaviour.
the prospective buyer of the london metal exchange has warned that it will clamp down on the lucrative metal warehousing business that has attracted investments from goldman sachs and glencore.
She said the upside potential and access to capital from the S&P500 listing would "outweigh the value erosion from the Australian indices".
according to people familiar with the discussions, a bankruptcy proposal filed early on wednesday represents an agreed plan between several creditor groups, including paulson & co, a large lehman bondholder, and goldman sachs, a derivatives counterparty to lehman.
for now, apple fans weighing how to spend a hard-earned $600 might skip the purchase of a single apple share, which pays them a dividend of only about $10 a year, and instead opt for a new 32gb ipad for the same amount.
at the time, ferc said jpmorgan used "manipulative bidding strategies" to make tens of millions of dollars from old uneconomic gas-fired power plants. jpmorgan is being scrutinised for oversight of its traders and risk management in the $6bn "london whale" trading loss as well as its underwriting and securitisation of mortgages.
disappointing third-quarter earnings from google were accidentally published several hours earlier than planned, sparking a panicked sell-off of the internet company's shares until trading was halted for more than two hours.
indecent proposal; censoring google is wrong way to assuage mosley's plight
the second circuit court of appeals said, in a unanimous opinion , that computer codes allegedly stolen by a goldman sachs programmer departing for a rival firm did not fit within the two intelligence laws he was charged with violating, including the economic espionage act of 1996.
goldman sachs is lowering the salaries of several hundred of its london-based bankers amid tougher-than- expected market conditions.
ferc's staff accused blythe masters, a senior jpmorgan executive and a well-known name on wall street, of lying under oath to the commission, according to a government document previously reported by the new york times.
shake-up at top of microsoft
jpmorgan has been forced by regulators to shave 50 basis points off its reported capital levels and has sustained four weeks' worth of trading losses in the second quarter, following the $5bn trading loss reported by the bank earlier this year.
jpmorgan sued over credit card debt collecting
that is leading to some of the same complaints that have long plagued another huge, algorithm-driven source of web traffic: google search.
facebook shares continue to struggle more than a year after its ipo, amid concerns about the company's ability to engage users and attract advertisers.
microsoft hit by fall in revenues; software
one of the things that gives me great concern is that bank_of_america has been consistently incorrect in estimating their exposure to mortgage putbacks, said manal mehta, a partner at hedge fund sunesis capital, who used to have a short position on the stock.net margins at chinese non-financial companies could fall to 4 per cent this year, down from 5 per cent last year, bank_of_america notes. bank_of_america has hired diego de giorgi from goldman sachs as co-head of corporate and investment banking in europe in a coup for the charlotte-based bank, which lost a key dealmaker this year.
ex-trader jailed over leaked jpmorgan data
but there are worries among hardware makers that instead of such partnerships, software makers such as google or microsoft are increasingly looking to compete with device makers directly.
pandora media investors took fright at the prospect of new competition from apple in the internet radio market, sending the stock down 17 per cent.
while initial reactions to the jpmorgan loss focused on how it could reshape the us debate over implementing the volcker rule ban on proprietary trading, the misstep by one of the world's largest banks could have broader consequences.
above all, this lock-up commitment of investment banks would be likely to result in better ipo pricing as the interests of investment banks and entrepreneurs would be aligned and it would limit the short selling undertaken by some sub-underwriters, a significant problem in the case of the failed facebook ipo.
goldman has already been trying to recruit other dealers to gsessions, but not enough have accepted, highlighting the difficulty that hyper-competitive banks often face when trying to work together. goldman loss after error at ny fed; banks
The majority of S&P500 stocks have delivered results that have surprised on the upside.The S&P500 index fell 1.70 points, or 0.1 per cent, to close at 1186.19 yesterday morning, the Dow fell 18.9 points, or 0.2 per cent, to 10,603.96, while the Nasdaq dropped 1.39 points, or 0.1 per cent, to 2088.61.
a goldman sachs fund wrote off its investment in village voice media two years before it struck a deal to sell its stake in the newspaper company, which has come under fire for owning an online classified service linked by some us officials to sex trafficking.
jpmorgan has been forced by regulators to shave 50 basis points off its reported capital levels and has sustained four weeks' worth of trading losses in the second quarter, following the $5bn loss reported by the bank earlier this year.
ten emerging market countries that report foreign exchange reserves weekly or monthly - including mexico, turkey, brazil, south korea and indonesia - have in the past two months erased losses of $40bn between april and july, according to jpmorgan analysts. jpmorgan estimates that about a quarter of the increase in reserves reflects the dollar's depreciation, which inflates the value of assets held in other currencies. achilles macris, a former top jpmorgan chase banker, yesterday filed a claim against the uk's financial conduct authority alleging that he was unfairly identified and criticised in settlement papers involving the "london whale" trading debacle.
the financial times this week became the first big news organisation to launch an app for apple devices that bypasses the app store. under the rule released to developers this week and first reported on macrumours website, apple has dropped a restriction that would have prevented media companies from charging more for a subscription sold in the app store than they charge in other places, including their own websites.the proposed limitation drew warnings that apple risked prompting antitrust action.
but he made clear that microsoft had heard the criticisms and that changes were coming to widen the software's appeal.
jpmorgan has previously said that it complied with all laws and regulations and no employees were aware of the fraud. jpmorgan still facing a mountain of litigation
some leading us technology companies are worried that washington's support for apple could hurt their interests. some intellectual property experts in washington said they did not believe the apple import ban veto by the us would have a big effect.
despite selling 47.8m iphones - 29 per cent more than the year-ago quarter - apple failed to live up to wall street's high hopes , leading some analysts to predict the years of supercharged growth that began with the ipod are now behind it.
shares in jpmorgan fell as much as 5 per cent in pre-market trading on reports that losses from the bank's chief investment office could reach $9bn.
complaints to the government have centred on damage other companies say they have suffered by being relegated in google's search rankings and by the alleged preferential treatment google has given in its search results to its in-house services in areas such as maps and comparison shopping.
but the £137.6m levied by the uk's new financial conduct authority yesterday ranks second among the four simultaneous penalties slapped on jpmorgan .
neither ssp nor google said how much data had been compromised as a result of the security flaw, which affected users of google's two-month-old price comparison site for motor insurance .
"google has been the subject of an investigation by brussels since last autumn, after complaints that the company had harmed some websites by deliberately pushing them down its search rankings, and that it had abused its dominance of search advertising.
 complaints have followed more recently that google puts its own services ahead of those of other web companies, robbing rivals of internet traffic.
 on friday, google said it had received formal notification"" of the agency's review. ""we respect the ftc's process and will be working with them [as we have with other agencies] over the coming months to answer questions about google and our services,"" google's mr singhal wrote."
developing the business of clearing trades and lending money to big hedge funds has been a top priority at jpmorgan in a post-crisis landscape where fund managers have been forced to diversify their prime broking relationships.
apple hacked by attackers who targeted social media; software
further evidence of the deteriorating state of the us economy emerged yesterday as both jpmorgan chase and wells_fargo reported that fourth-quarter earnings had been hit by higher provisions for loan losses in consumer-related businesses.
blankfein takes 35% pay cut in goldman drive to slash costs
but google said about half of that was because of foreign exchange costs, with patrick pichette, finance chief, stressing that many factors affected ad prices, including the proportion shown on partners' sites and growth in emerging markets, where ad rates are generally lower.
a computer glitch at goldman sachs yesterday could cost the investment bank $100m or more after it inadvertently made a large number of erroneous options trades that disrupted trading across multiple us exchanges, market participants told the financial times.
jpmorgan chase has revealed that losses from the trading fiasco in its london office have swollen to $5.8bn and restated its first-quarter earnings , opening fresh questions over disclosures to investors.
he says we are in danger of a "great illusion": of letting ourselves think that ripping off the muppets is in the best interests of goldman sachs, when in fact it is not.
microsoft shares were off 6.1 per cent to $31.35, trading near levels seen before the announcement in august by chief executive steve ballmer that he would step down within the year, which sent shares sharply higher.
fear runs deep because newspapers have been losing readers for years to what lord justice leveson described as the "ethical vacuum" of the internet, the global "network of networks" that encompasses everything from niche blogs to vast social sites such as facebook and twitter.
while apple still remains the most valuable company on the s&p 500 index, its market weight has dropped from more than 4 per cent at its peak last september to 3.5 per cent, only marginally larger than that of exxon.
jpmorgan chase is facing a new investigation from the us senate into the trading losses at its chief investment office, which have cost the bank $5.8bn and shaken its reputation for risk -management.
complaints the way google deals with complaints from websites that feel they've been unfairly treated in its rankings can seem ad hoc and opaque.this might even be reinforced with some sort of outside oversight, for instance from an ombudsman, though google may well feel that infringes too far on its free-speech rights.
a portion of the $65m worth of shares given to the executives on new year's eve was withheld by goldman to pay taxes owed on the bonuses.
one is that it will anger oems - original equipment manufacturers - such as hewlett-packard, acer and samsung, on which microsoft has always relied to make pcs.
the uk arm of pwc, the auditor, has been fined £1.4m and severely reprimanded by an industry tribunal over its failure to discover that billions of dollars of client money had not been ringfenced properly at jpmorgan chase, the us bank.
as if banks did not have enough to contend with, confronting the new wave of regulation, goldman sachs in zurich is now under investigation for overworking its staff.
wells_fargo saw nonperforming loans in commercial real estate jump 69 per cent, from $4.5bn to $7.6bn in the second quarter as the economic downturn caused developers and office owners to fall behind in their mortgage payments.
david einhorn has been attacked by one of his own investors for the tactics used by his $9bn hedge fund in its battle with apple over the iphone maker's use of cash and changes to its corporate governance.
mr hollande had threatened to draft legislation forcing google to pay a share of its revenues derived from links to french media articles and snippets of stories if it did not reach a deal to do so with publishers. google said the agreement meant it would not have to pay a share of its french revenues.google will supply advertising to their sites and share revenues from those ads. french press publishers had been demanding the us group pay for displaying snippets or links to newspaper articles, but google rejected the demands and threatened to stop carrying references to french media.
jpmorgan chase has been sued by california's top law enforcement official for allegedly flooding the state's courts with thousands of "unlawful" suits aimed at collecting credit card debts.
us regulators and enforcement officials are scrutinising the systems malfunction at goldman sachs as part of a broad response to the latest high-profile trading failure to damage investor confidence, according to people familiar with the matter.
sir, with reference to "the perils of paying attention to parting shots" (march 19): i was shocked that lucy kellaway, in her criticism of the goldman sachs employee who left the company's employ having written a serious indictment of its business ethos and practices, saw fit to condemn him by offering that the "whole point of being in a profitmaking business is that you charge as much as you can possibly get away with". masked man takes on goldman sachs in japan
goldman declined to comment on the process.
new york's comptroller thomas dinapoli yesterday filed separate lawsuits against bank_of_america and merrill lynch, its controversial acquisition, alleging the state's pensioners suffered losses due to both companies' actions during the financial crisis.
the sec did not file charges against any jpmorgan staff. the sec did not charge michael llodra, a former jpmorgan executive who had earlier received a wells notice, or indication from the sec staff that it intended to file charges. jpmorgan expands prime brokerage
samsung and apple are suing each other for patent infringement.
goldman sachs has refused to end an interest rate swap deal struck with oakland, california, despite months of talks and a threat by the city to boycott doing business with the investment bank.
but goldman certainly would not: the bank's unofficial motto has been "long-term greedy" for many years and its money-seeking attitude seems unlikely to change anytime soon.
jpmorgan later announced losses of $6bn after unwinding the trading positions. the former jpmorgan chase trader nicknamed the "london whale" escaped without criminal charges in exchange for his testimony against two former colleagues whom prosecutors allege "concealed massive losses".
legal clarity often arrives after markets have passed their judgment: nokia's big victory over apple came when the profitability of nokia's phones had long since collapsed.
the uncompromising stance of the jpmorgan board comes in spite of dissatisfaction about its performance in the wake of the whale affair, when traders lost more than $6bn betting on credit derivatives and regulators and politicians drew attention to lax risk management at the bank .
this week, microsoft paid $8.5bn to acquire skype in mr ballmer's latest bid to seize back the initiative from nimbler rivals such as apple and google. the real difficulty is that microsoft faces unresolved questions over its strategy and its ability to fulfil its ambitions, and mr ballmer does not look like a man with the answers.having "an ambitious, forward-looking, irrepressible nature", as he described microsoft on tuesday, is one thing; having the ideas, discipline and focus to defeat a disparate array of competitors in many fields is quite another.
facebook shares closed at $22.97 yesterday, about 40 per cent lower than the price of $38 at which it listed in may 2012.
the review - brought by anti-austerity campaigners uk uncut who were funded by thousands of small donations - would be highly embarrassing for hmrc and goldman if the deal was proved to be unlawful. further embarrassing details of goldman's tax affairs could emerge tomorrow, even of the crucial settlement meeting between hmrc and goldman sachs at the offices of the investment bank in november 2010 where mr hartnett shook hands on a deal.
pierre ferragu, an analyst at bernstein, said some of the patents that google had transferred were similar to apple patents that the us international trade commission ruled had been infringed by htc. apple without its genius will be less lovable
this new role for google will put it into a complicated and potentially uncomfortable relationship with cable operators such as comcast and time warner cable.
jpmorgan hit back against the complaint, saying that it was "disappointed" that it had not been given the "opportunity to rebut the claims", which it said were made "relying on recycled claims already made by private plaintiffs". jpmorgan said yesterday that that acquisition was made "over the course of a weekend at the behest of the us government" and noted the complaint was "entirely about historic conduct" of bear stearns.
the dispute is further complicated by the fact that apple remains one of samsung's biggest clients for memory chips, forcing the south korean group to tread a fine line between beating a rival and not offending a top customer.
tough time for tech groups at hands of eu watchdog; microsoft and google
nokia has moved to quash speculation that its partnership with microsoft could lead to a takeover by the us technology group after a profit warning by the finnish mobile phone maker sent its shares plunging to a 13-year low.
the last outage to affect google on a similar scale occurred in 2009 - long enough ago for the blip on friday to be registered as an isolated incident.
in a separate filing , jpmorgan said that it lost money on 28 days in the second quarter after the cio positions were discovered and were in the process of being unwound. however, jpmorgan found that instead of helping to predict the $5bn trading loss announced by the bank, a newly implemented var model helped disguise the riskiness of jpmorgan's portfolio in the first quarter.
it was, as die welt put it, the first murder of the facebook generation. some 160 companies are involved in the scheme, creating what officials are calling "a secure facebook [group] for cyber threats".
however, google said that this was an unfair representation of the way it operated in which sales activity took place in britain but only the irish business had the right to close the transaction.
bank_of_america and pfizer were among the targets of a renewed push by occupy wall street activists to protest against the influence of corporations on us politics.
shares in bank_of_america fell only modestly this week following the announcement by us president barack obama that he would curb banks' activities - a statement that hit most other shares in the sector and dragged the whole market down. us proposals to limit proprietary trading by banks could cut earnings at investment banks by 3 per cent to 5 per cent, with jpmorgan, bank_of_america and deutsche bank particularly at risk, analysis by morgan stanley found.
goldman sachs is facing obstacles to the launch of its first islamic bond, with some experts warning its structure might breach sharia law.
analysts expect apple to swallow much, if not all, of the costs of the improvements recommended by the fla - labour rights organisations have pointed out foxconn's limited ability to do so with profit margins falling to as low as 1.5 per cent next to those of more than 30 per cent for apple. "when foxconn hiked wages the last time, apple paid for it," said kirk yang, head of asia ex-japan tech hardware research at barclays capital.
mr almunia's decision moves a significant way to winding-up a three year eu probe - triggered by complaints from a cluster of tech rivals including microsoft - that threatened to drag google into a long legal battle that could end with big fines and intrusive restrictions on its business.
so you have a corporate twitter account and a facebook page.big retail brands such as gap, jc penney, nordstrom and gamestop, for example, rushed to open shops on facebook in 2011 only to close them less than a year later because they were not generating any business.
goldman sachs escaped the shareholder protests over executive pay that have hit some of its banking rivals at its annual investor meeting.
google has lost a top executive from its android management team to fast-rising chinese smartphone maker xiaomi , less than six months after the head of the us company's mobile platform stepped down.
us financial groups suffered their worst one-day share sell-off for more than two years on monday and bank_of_america fell more than 20 per cent in torrid trading that recalled the depths of the financial crisis.
if you stroll into the headquarters of facebook in california's menlo park, one of the first things you will see is a series of lurid orange footbridges.facebook employs more than 4,000 people, 40 per cent higher than a year ago - and mr schroepfer fears that this explosion in size could leave its engineers fragmented. a cynic might be tempted to dismiss this as silicon valley self-indulgence - after all, facebook is not the only tech company splashing out on creative architecture.but there is a much bigger point: as facebook tries to show investors it is worth last year's pricey stock market valuation , it is focusing not just on technical engineering but also on subtle forms of social engineering.
bill gates, the microsoft founder turned philanthropist, has broken a taboo in the development community by accusing publicly the three un food agencies of allowing infighting and inefficiency to undermine the battle against hunger.
and much screeching has followed the $2bn "hedging" loss announced by jpmorgan last week.mr dimon can only try to reduce the threats jpmorgan faces in the financial jungle. jpmorgan shows size can be deadly in a low-rate world
the visit appeared timed to coincide with thursday's release of the fair labor association's report on conditions in chinese factories where apple products were made. apple's welcoming of its recommendations and mr cook's visit to the factory floor seemed intended to soothe international criticism that alleged apple made huge profits on the back of poorly paid and badly treated assembly workers in china.
a us federal judge yesterday approved a $150m settlement between bank_of_america and the securities and exchange commission over disclosure issues related to the acquisition of merrill lynch, bringing closure to a matter that had turned into a public embarrassment for the regulator.
apple acknowledged recurring problems on thursday authenticating users' devices when they tried to upgrade after releasing ios5 on wednesday, but said they had been fixed. by friday morning, the third day of ios5 being available, apple customers were still flooding the company's online discussion forums with multiple questions and complaints per minute.
but jpmorgan analysts suggested demand for dram memory, a major product for many semiconductor companies, would continue to fall. flat earnings hit jpmorgan as banking sell-off steps up
goldman declined to comment on the departures, however a person familiar with the matter said they had left of their own accord.
wells_fargo reported a 48 per cent increase in first-quarter profit, but the stock sank in morning trading on concerns about revenue and loan growth, highlighting the fragility of the economic recovery.
microsoft stock has lost about 40 per cent of its value since mr ballmer took the job in january 2000. mr ballmer's 3.95 per cent holding in microsoft is worth more than $11bn, and its value leapt by more than $900m at the opening bell.
first, it provides an instant justification for china's blocking of us social media services such as facebook and twitter, and its hostile attitude to apple, although apple products are made in china.it has been exploiting domestic companies such as apple to monitor foreign citizens, thus removing any incentive for others to trust them. huawei will presumably be delighted, apple angry, and ms peng will change her phone. google at the ready to pass apple as most popular app platform
a spokesman for google declined to comment on mr bradbury's comments, but said that the company was in compliance with local tax laws.
jpmorgan chase is investigating whether london-based traders hid the extent of losses on credit derivatives positions, according to people familiar with an internal probe following last week's revelation of $2bn losses.
meanwhile, samsung suffered another blow in its patent dispute with apple yesterday.a judge at the us international trade commission found apple did not violate four samsung patents covering data-transmission and touchscreen technology. apple tech funds headache
joaquín almunia, the european union's top competition official, on monday gave google "a matter of weeks" to make a serious offer to address his concerns and head off formal charges and a hefty fine.
facebook and apple declined to comment.
institutional client services, where goldman trades equities, fixed income and commodities , saw revenue fall 10 per cent year on year to $5.1bn. shares in goldman closed down 1.6 per cent.
wells_fargo could yet pay out more in damages, as it has yet to settle with state attorneys general, who are investigating the same issues.
the past 12 months have not been the most innovative of years for apple , with the company literally whitewashing over its lack of fresh designs with white versions of the iphone, ipad and ipod touch.the contrast with 2010, when the ipad was introduced and there were radical redesigns for the iphone, macbook air and apple tv, was marked.
"internet companies that are operating in europe, such as facebook and google, must give . sir, it is a crying shame that social media are seen as teenagers chatting on facebook and celebrities tweeting about their every move (" elderly, wealthy and turned off by twitter ", july 6). of course, you don't want to be on facebook with your bank manager - but that comment shows a gross lack of understanding about the business potential of social media.
