In 82per cent of the years in which the S&P500 posted a positive return in January, the market lifted over the entire year.
It's worth noting that S&P500 Industrials still have a wad of cash.Bulls saw 10% but Nikkei, S&P500 rose 49, 27% respectively
And on Wall Street the S&P500 Index is up a whopping 25per cent as investors brace themselves for the latest United States employment report that could spark the beginning of the end of the Federal Reserve's cheap money policy.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 22.8% for the year to 30 November, while the S&P500 rose 26.6% during the same period.Indeed, the Dow and the S&P500 both rallied to new record closing highs, while the S&P/ASX200 index closed up 2.1per cent at 5202.2.
So far the current bull market has lasted 56 months and the S&P500 has risen 166per cent.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average and S&P500 Index rose modestly following the testimony to touch new record highs on Thursday, indicating Wall Street believes Yellen will continue to provide ample monetary support to the US economy.
Since 1976 there have been 12showdowns and yet the major S&P500 index has gone on to rise 11per cent per annum, on average, the following year.The S&P500 fell more than 11per cent in three days the last time there was talk about a shutdown in August 2011.The country's S&P500 index shot up 15.66 points to 1720.42, the highest level in its history.
For example, a capped point-to-point strategy on the S&P Risk Control 15% target volatility index can provide a fair market cap over 100bps higher than that of the S&P500 index.A stochastic volatility model calibrated to S&P500 option prices provides the necessary framework that both preserves the skew of S&P500 options and generates realistic equity return dynamics.
In 1996, then chairman of the US Federal Reserve, Alan Greenspan said stocks were displaying signs of "irrational exuberance" when the S&P500 was around 744.Price Chg %chg S&P500 .....................1804.76 8.91 0.50 Dow Jones I.A.About 450 stocks in the S&P500 are in positive territory for the year - making it the broadest rally in at least 20 years.It's also worth remembering that since 1993, the All Ordinaries index, once dividends have been included, has risen on average by 11.5per cent a year, while the S&P500 total return index has, on average, gained about 10per cent a year.
Ironically, the longest shutdown was in 1996, when there were limited services for 22days but the S&P500 rose 0.1per cent, and yet, two weeks later was down 0.8per cent.
The S&P500 Health Care Industry Index has outperformed the impressive returns of the overall index this year, continuing a trend that has been in place for several years.The effects of the comments on WallStreet were immediate as the S&P500 Index closed 0.4per cent lower at 1656.82 on Monday after trading higher before Mr Kerry's speech.
A look back at the four largest bull markets of the past 25 years shows that those three sectors have, 90per cent of the time, reached their highs before the S&P500 does, implying further gains are in store.
.. .. 13350.96 115.57 0.87 S&P500 .....................1446.79 16.43 1.15 NASDAQ COMPOSITE........... 3054.53 43.93 1.46 FTSEurofirst 300 .3473.44 -15.97 -0.46 FTSEAIMAll-Share ..............711.82 -1.26 -0.18 S&P500 .....................1676.26 -6.24 -0.37 Dow Jones I.A.. .On Wall Street, the S&P500 finished about 0.3per cent higher on Friday, the Dow Jones Industrial Average was flat and the Nasdaq Composite Index closed 0.61per cent higher.
She sees the S&P500 coming all the way back to 1390 by the end of the year.
The current forward price earnings ratio on the S&P500 is about 15times, and that's way below the 24times level it was in 1999 when stocks were in a huge bull market run.
S&P500 heads for yet another record high, but not till end of next year; 
Using Wall Street as a comparison, the Dow Jones has surged 134 per cent since its GFC low, while the S&P500 has delivered a rise of 149 per cent.
So far this year the Nikkei is up 41per cent, the S&P500 is up 19per cent and yet the local sharemarket isup just 7.5per cent.
Thomson Reuters analysts expect earnings for companies in the S&P500 index to rise by 6.9per cent in 2013, as a whole, on year-ago levels, and growth to accelerate to 11per cent in 2014.At 13.7 times forward earnings, the US S&P500 P/E ratio is close to its decade average of 14.2 , and could be considered in "fair-value" territory.Since November, the S&P500 has surged 24 per cent while the Dow Jones has jumped a similar amount.
Backing this view, Goldman Sachs said the recent wobbles in the market are just a healthy bull market pause, and the S&P500 might surge another 10per cent to 1750 by the end of the year.
Of the 404 S&P500 companies to report for the March quarter, 73 per cent have beaten earnings estimates - which were revised down heavily in advance - but only 47 per cent have beaten revenue estimates.Splendid finish of Monday trading overseas, where the S&P500 hit record high, was not enough to encourage European investors to buy shares.March quarter revenues fell by just less than 1 per cent year over year for the 271 S&P500 companies that reported at the half-way mark of the season.
The up-week defied predictions of a correction prompted by a 2.5 per cent slide the previous week, and was helped by solid bottom-line earnings from S&P500 corporations.
For the week, the S&P500 rose by 1.7per cent, the Dow Jones gained 1.1per cent and the Nasdaq added 2.3per cent.
For the week, the S&P500 rose by 1.7per cent, the Dow Jones gained 1.1per cent and the Nasdaq added 2.3per cent.
Yet somehow, amid the drama of the Boston Marathon, investors found something in reserve and bumped up the benchmark S&P500 Index almost 1 per cent on Friday.The Dow is still up a solid 11 per cent for the year and the S&P500 is up 9 per cent.The benchmark S&P500 index of stocks returned 11 per cent in the March quarter, led by defensive sectors such as healthcare (16 per cent), consumer staples (15 per cent) and utilities (13 per cent).The S&P500 is already up more than 11 per cent for the year, after reaching for new highs last week, so that looks like a bold call.She expects the S&P500 to retreat to 1390 by the end of the year, from its current 1588 level.HIGHLIGHT: Institutional investors are showing increased demand for convexity on the S&P500 instruments such as wing options or buy buying a variance swap and selling a volatility swap on the index, Roger Naylor, head of global equity derivatives at UBS in London, told DI in an exclusive interview.Roger NaylorInstitutional investors are showing increased demand for convexity on the S&P500 instruments such as wing options or buy buying a variance swap and selling a volatility swap on the index, Roger Naylor, head of global equity derivatives at UBS in London, told DI in an exclusive interview.A rising dollar would be much better news for the S&P500 than emerging markets.
The E-Mini S&P500 future had the third highest volumes among index derivatives throughout the world in March, according to FOWi data.
In other trading strategies, Mr Hunt was focusing his index trading on short position in the American S&P500 E-mini futures and contracts for difference, and looking to range trade between 1680 higher levels and buying on dips to about 1610.All eyes firmly on US
Strategists at Soci&t& G&n&rale in Paris, for example, note that the S&P500 is currently too rich against the investment-grade CDX.SocGen recommends shorting the S&P500 against IG CDX.
For the week, the S&P500 rose by 1.7 per cent, the Dow Jones gained 1.1 per cent and the Nasdaq added 2.3 per cent.
The S&P500 has recouped all its losses since the 2008 global financial crisis.
The nominal record set by the S&P500 is the latest sign that the US is recovering some of the strength it had before the financial collapse of 2008, partly helped by stimulus from the Federal Reserve.
If you were sitting on $100,000 cash in Australia on March 6, 2009, and with perfect sharemarket timing decided to convert it into US dollars and invest it in the S&P500 index at the lowest low, you would have ended up with an investment in the US market of $64,040.In the same period the S&P500 has returned 10.5 per cent pa.The benchmark S&P500 ended the fortnight 2.8 per cent higher at 1560.7 points, within a whisker of its October 2007 record close.
Australian Unity Investments chief investment officer David Bryant pointed to a seeming contradiction, where the S&P/ASX200 is still 27 per cent off its pre-credit-crisis highs while the S&P500 is only 3 per cent from its peak despite being linked to an economy less robust than Australia's.
The Goldman strategists expect the benchmark S&P500 Index to retreat 8 per cent to 1250 by year's end.According to the money management and research firm, the S&P500 has on average risen 0.9 per cent on election days going back to 1984 but the following day it falls 0.9 per cent.
In 2008, the S&P500 rose 7.5 per cent in November and December after Obama won and in 2004, it rose 7.1 per cent in the final two months after George W Bush took control.
At the peak of Wall Street's boom in August 1987, the companies in the S&P500 index were producing earnings that against their share prices represented a yield that was 24 per cent, or almost a quarter of a percentage point, below the yield that could be locked in by buying risk-free US government bonds.
Using Wall Street as a comparison, the Dow Jones has surged 134 per cent since its GFC low, while the S&P500 has delivered a rise of 149 per cent.
If you'd offered investors appreciation of 11.6per cent on the S&P500 for the first six months of the year back in December, when the fiscal cliff loomed, most would have grabbed it.
The S&P500 has recouped all its losses since the 2008 global financial crisis.In a positive sign for Australian stocks, Wall Street closed higher on Thursday night, with the Dow climbing 0.36 per cent and the S&P500 advancing 0.41 per cent.
If you take the S&P500 (a far better proxy to our own All Ordinaries Index than the Dow Jones), it is up from its low on March 6, 2009, of 666.92 to a high of 1563.62 just over a week ago and almost exactly four years later.Net result, a lot of Australian investors think they've been dudded investing in a backwater market like Australia when they could have been playing the big game in the US, which has not only recovered everything it lost since 2007, but is hitting record highs while Australian investors are having to put up with an All Ords index that is still down 27.4 per cent from its highs, and would have to jump another 37.7 per cent to hit its record high and another 46.6 per cent to match the returns US investors have enjoyed in the S&P500 Index.
Hedge funds are looking to trade the April-June S&P500 future roll through jelly rolls in an attempt to profit from future increased roll costs on the back of growing dislocation between the two expirations.Historically, for example, a desk could arbitrage by borrowing money to buy a basket of S&P500 stocks and sell the June S&P 500 future against it.The S&P500 gained eight points to 1517 helped by a near 29 per cent rise in Chinese imports and a 25 per cent jump in exports, though the result was skewed by seasonal factors related to Chinese New Year.
3 - S&P500 Call Banker (two strickes untouched)When eight days are left to expiry the Banker is worth about 16.1 with the S&Ps trading at 1515.On Friday, the S&P500 capped its longest winning streak since 2004, rising for eight sessions.So far, 73 per cent of the 74 companies in the S&P500 that have released results beat projections, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.While last week's Reserve Bank interest rate reduction took the S&P/ASX200 back above the 4500 level and kept it there, what is crucial to a Santa rally, pundits say, is the local market breaking through the October peak of 4580 and Wall Street's S&P500 making it above the 1420 resistance level.
According to Goldman Sachs, in the past 15 elections going back 60 years, the S&P500 has gained just over 6 per cent in the final two months of the year with stocks going for a run once the election result is done and dusted.
To mid-August, the UK's FTSE All Share Index had risen by almost 10% and the S&P500 by more than 13% in sterling terms; that is an encouraging result given near zero cash returns, and should help investors to make good progress against the seemingly unstoppable inflationary headwind.
A survey by Bloomberg found that over the past five years, hedge funds trailed the S&P500 and a Vanguard index fund with a 60/40 mix of equities and bonds.The Vanguard Balanced Index Fund gained 3.5 per cent annually, and the S&P500 gained 0.2 per cent a year.
In the 21 election years since 1928, excluding this year, the S&P500 has delivered positive results in all but four years.Election years do not necessarily herald a rising stock market or a booming economy, as 2008 showed when the S&P500 was down 37 per cent amid the global financial crisis.
 The S&P500 rose 12 per cent during the quarter, while the S&P/TSX Composite Index rose 4 per cent.Key US indices closed higher on Friday, with the Dow Jones Industrial Average and the S&P500 both snapping two-week losing streaks due to strong earnings from Microsoft, McDonald's and General Electric.
Wall Street's S&P500 and Dow Jones Industrial Average finished at four-year highs on Friday, with the S&P500 putting in its best week for 2012 so far.The ticker or 'stock market short name' is SPDR and it costs 1/10th of the full S&P500 price.
In recent days the S&P500 index has fully recovered its losses of last year, pushing through its last significant high of 1363 points in late April 2011.And the greenback has remained firm in recent days even as the S&P500 index has moved higher.
The Dow and the S&P500 have both doubled from their lows, and are within touching distance of peaks.The S&P Equal Weight Indices range   particularly the S&P500 Equal Weight   has attracted $10bn from ETF providers over the last 20 years.The first point to notice is volatility markets are firmly in a "risk-on" mode, with short-term implied volatility trading at the lowest level since last summer in both the S&P500 and the Eurostoxx50.
``This suggests that the level of pessimism in the S&P500 is approaching its worst,'' says Knox, adding that when the rally comes it well be ``both strong and sustained''.
Indeed, on 10 April, the S&P500 set a new all-time high and the fundamentals are in place for equities to push higher from here.Total returns on the S&P500 have already smashed through pre-financial crisis highs, while a stronger corporate earnings picture justifies further price increases.Fundamentals Stack Up For Further Equity GainsLHS: S&P500 Index, Total Returns and Earnings Per Share; RHS: BMI Macro-Industry Strategy Performance To Date (%) - Open Views
The S&P500 has also been flirting with its highest closing level since May 2008.
While there was a negative lead on Friday, the S&P500 Wall St indices of large stocks actually finished higher for the eighth consecutive week.
The Dow Jones and the broader S&P500 both gained 1.5 per cent to 12,268 and 1308 points respectively.Next let's assume that each sector performed in line with its most common benchmark - North American equities in line with the S&P500 index and so on.
For instance, fund ABC is said to outperform the S&P500 benchmark if its return exceeds the S&P500 return.  
S&P500 futures pointed to a 0.8 per cent, or 8.8 point, gain last night; Dow Jones Industrial Average futures climbed 102 points, or 0.8 per cent.
The consensus last month was that the S&P500 would finish the year at 1325 points - although the most bullish forecast was 1550.
Both the Dow Jones Industrial Average and the S&P500 broke symbolic thresholds last week, passing 12,000 and 1300 points respectively for the first time in 2\xC2êyears.
The S&P500 is poised to break through 1300points, which would be its highest level since mid-2008.The US market has momentum; the S&P500 is already up 2.83per cent this year after a 6.53per cent return in December.It has been 92 days since the S&P500 fell below its 50-day moving average, which has happened only 17 times since 1928, and 30 days since the index fell below its 10-day moving average - a feat never before accomplished.
The S&P500 gained 0.74 per cent.'We are looking at targets of 1,320 for S&P500 and 615 for MAxJ (Morgan Stanley Asia ex-Japan) before they complete the bear market rally from the March 2009 bottom.This implies upside of 5 per cent for S&P500 and 8 per cent for MAxJ,' said CIMB.
The Dow Jones was up 3.5per cent for October heading into yesterday evening's trade, while the S&P500 was 3.9per cent higher.The S&P500 Index gained 0.95per cent last week, though at 1176.19 it remains below its year high of 1217, achieved in April.
The S&P500 has advanced 7.2per cent this month, its best September since 1954.HIGHLIGHT: UBS has launched one-year kick-in reverse convertible notes referencing the Eurostoxx 50, S&P500 and the Swiss Market Index.
The Dow Jones Index rose by 2.9 per cent over the week and the broader S&P500 was up by 3.7 per cent.
The S&P500 added 17.37 to 1064.59.We're chucked in at the deep end, bombarded with information about candlestick charts, S&P500 futures contracts, oil, the euro debt crisis, the double-dip recession and U-shaped curves.Our brief lesson over, we are given three asset classes to trade with using the simulator: oil, the S&P500 and the euro/dollar.The Nasdaq and S&P500 indices were down 1.85pc and 1.95pc respectively.
The broad-based S&P500 index closed at 1569.19, up 6.34 points, pushing past the previous record of 1565.15, set on October 9, 2007.
Today, the S&P500 is trading more than 25 per cent above October 2011 lows.Based on this, QE3 still has the capacity to lift the S&P500 above 1620 by year-end - some 5 per cent above all-time record highs.
The S&P500 is back at its highest level since June 2008.
At 1319.05, the S&P500 is also within reach of the 1332 level that would mark exactly a doubling of the US equity benchmark from its March 2009 lows.
The S&P500 gained 0.74 per cent and the NASDAQ also closed firmer, rising 0.73 per cent.
On Friday, Mr Lee increased his forecasts for S&P500 earnings in 2010 from $US84 to $US84.50 a share and said he still expected earnings to rise to $US90 next year based largely on a "re-acceleration" of US gross domestic product.
The earnings season caused bargain hunting investors to salivate after the battering stocks took in June saw the S&P500 heading precariously close to three digits.
The broader S&P500 gained 9.98 points to 1,070.25.
GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Companies in the S&P500 Index are expected to boost earnings by 33 per cent this year along with the broader economic recovery.In Toronto on Wednesday, the president of Montreal-based Phases & Cycles Inc. said the S&P500 being up 75% in 14 months [after falling 58% the previous 18 months] is "not too much" of a move upwards by historical standards.Also, the 200-day Moving Average is rising for both the S&P500 in the U.S. and the S&P/ TSX.Meisels would remain bullish as long as the support level of 1044 on the S&P500 and 11,000 on the TSX are not breached.
It's true that during 2009, the S&P500 - America's most watched stock index - gained 23pc while the FTSE-100 went up 22pc.Since the end of 1999, the S&P500 has actually fallen - by no less than 24pc.They are the first ETNs to offer exposure to leveraged returns linked to the S&P500 Total Return Index.
Companies in the S&P500 Index are expected to boost earnings by 33 per cent this year along with the broader economic recovery, led by the financials and materials sectors.
Depending which investors choose, this allows them to make double or triple bets on the S&P500 index, either on the long or the short side.
The positive statistics, which sent both the Dow Jones Industrial Average and the S&P500 index to fresh highs, comes ahead of hard evidence on the state of the consumer economy next week, when retailers including Wal-Mart, Macy's and JC Penney report their second-quarter results.
The Dow closed up 113.81 points at 9370.07, while the broader S&P500  was 13.40 points higher at 1010.48 - both hitting nine-month highs during the course of trading.GRAPHIC: Chart/Graph: Bloomberg News, National Post; S&P500 ;
"Some experts have suggested that the US is well-positioned to move out of recession and back to growth faster than other developed markets and investors looking to track that growth would consider the S&P500 index.
The S&P500 has since climbed almost 5% since the beginning of July, due to 85% of companies reporting earnings that have beaten estimates.After March 9 last year, the key US S&P500 stockmarket index was up 30per cent by mid-May and more than 60per cent by the end of the year.As well, the S&P500 recently hit its lowest level since March 2009.
In Toronto on Wednesday, the president of Montreal-based Phases & Cycles Inc. said the S&P500 being up 75% in 14 months [after falling 58% the previous 18 months] is "not too much" of a move upwards by historical standards.Also, the 200-day Moving Average is rising for both the S&P500 in the U.S. and the S&P/ TSX.Meisels would remain bullish as long as the support level of 1044 on the S&P500 and 11,000 on the TSX are not breached.
'The S&P500 is on course to reach its 1,170-1,200 target in the coming weeks.Otherwise, the alternative wave count could be in play, where the S&P500 forms an ending diagonal triangle.
The Dow closed up 113.81 points at 9370.07, while the broader S&P500  was 13.40 points higher at 1010.48 - both hitting nine-month highs during the course of trading.The positive statistics, which sent both the Dow Jones Industrial Average and the S&P500 index to fresh highs, comes ahead of hard evidence on the state of the consumer economy next week, when retailers including Wal-Mart, Macy's and JC Penney report their second-quarter results.
THE bulls topped off an impressive month of domination on Wall Street by driving the Dow Jones Industrial Average to a 0.9 per cent gain for the week, and the S&P500 to a 0.8 per cent rise.Looking at the technicals, the S&P500 did not look as strong as Australia's market.A total of 337 S&P500 companies have now reported: 74 per cent have beaten analyst expectations, 9 per cent in line, and 17 per cent below the mark.The S&P500 - up 44% since the March low - is fast approaching 1,000; some analysts are adding as much as another 100 points if it breaks through the big figure by the year-end.As stock prices continue to rise, despite second-quarter earnings growth for the S&P500 coming in at -32% and credit spreads fall below a level at which investors are compensated for the risk, do not ask the question why the market is still rising.Manooj Mistry, head of db x-trackers UK, said: "This is the first time that investors have had the opportunity to track the S&P500 with a 50 per cent lower carbon footprint and 60 per cent lower greenhouse gas emissions.
"Some experts have suggested that the US is well-positioned to move out of recession and back to growth faster than other developed markets and investors looking to track that growth would consider the S&P500 index.
On Wall Street the S&P500 index gained 4.1 per cent for the week, while the Dow Jones Industrial average added a further 4 per cent to the previous week's 7.3 per cent rally.The S&P500 rallied right from Monday's open to the highest close of the year on Friday at 979.Goldman Sachs revised its year-end target on the S&P500 to 1040; Credit Suisse First Boston followed at 1060, while Legg Mason's Bill Miller said he sees the present trading environment as a cyclical bull market.
it emerged in court that the revenue had brought its initial proceedings against goldman in the london county court, a forum normally reserved for smaller civil disputes.
financial stocks lost ground in the session, led by wells_fargo after the bank announced that howard atkins, chief financial officer, was retiring.
while microsoft has rushed out modifications in the past couple of weeks to ensure the windows 8 launch is compliant, the timing of the brussels intervention is an embarrassing and unwelcome reminder of its record as an antitrust delinquent. mr almunia gave the warning as he issued formal charges against microsoft for flouting a landmark 2009 antitrust settlement that required it to offer consumers a choice of web browsers.the release of a "statement of objections" is largely a procedural formality, as microsoft has already apologised for failing to include a "browser choice" screen in 28m versions of windows delivered this year, contrary to assurances it gave brussels.
lee robinson, the outspoken hedge fund manager, has thumbed his nose at the investment banking group that once backed him - goldman sachs - with the launch of a new venture.
another google adversary, who declined to be named, said: "this plays straight into google's hands. fair search , an alliance of google rivals including microsoft, expedia and nokia, said it would continue to press for a stronger requirement that would force google to treat its in-house services the same as all other content on the web. some rivals also warned that google now looked set for a prolonged antitrust battle, whatever the outcome of the current fight.
but maybe the knowledge that microsoft is gaining as it piles up the losses - mapping the internet and studying computer users' behaviour - will have value down the road. microsoft reports first loss since 1986 listing despite record sales
apple was ordered to pay won40m ($35,000) in damages while samsung was told to pay won25m.in contrast, the communications technology that prompted the injunction against apple would be "very difficult to design around", he said.
facebook will face steep competition from other social networks that focus on images, such as pinterest and flickr. facebook introduces $1 fee to make new contact; media
In their worst one-year periods, the top 59 funds underperformed the S&P500 by margins of between 6.5 to 44.1 per cent.America's S&P500 index, which leads the rest of the world, has had a turbulent start to the year because of worries about the state of the American housing market and fears over an economic slowdown.
the us department of justice has sued wells_fargo for hundreds of millions of dollars, alleging that the bank engaged in "reckless" lending practices that defrauded a government insurance programme.
according to european commission competition boss joaquín almunia a list of 13 institutions (starting with "b" for bank_of_america and ending with "u" for ubs) blocked companies such as deutsche börse and cme group from offering exchange-traded cdss between 2006 and 2009.
not so cool - samsung win over apple puts ipad in different galaxy
the talks remain in flux and it is unclear if the offer will satisfy mr almunia, or if google has been prepared to make further concessions.although he agreed the broad outlines of a pre-charge settlement with google , mr almunia has said they are "not there yet" and made it clear talks could not drag on. google's practice of injecting answers from its other services high up in its search results - for instance, putting a stock quote from google finance at the top of the page - is the thorniest of four issues mr almunia singled out in may .
The S&P500 fell to its lowest point of the year, oil prices surged and some of the country's largest companies provided disappointing earnings guidance.
jamie dimon 's future as chairman of jpmorgan chase suffered a further knock after australian superannuation fund first super expressed "strong" concerns over his joint role as ceo and chairman. jpmorgan defends dimon to investors; banks
the leak is ill-timed for apple as it readies a series of product launches, beginning with an event on september 12 in san francisco where it is expected to unveil the next iphone. the hackers said they had obtained the database of apple device-identifiers from the laptop of a federal bureau of investigation agent.apple is preparing to phase out udids."there could be lots of questions about how apple could do this better but it doesn't look like it was apple's mistake. hackers embarrass apple with data release ahead of key launches; details of 1m devices published online
a democratic senator did note the revolving door between goldman and the government.but this is how he did it: "[mr paulson would] continue the long history of goldman sachs heads, including former treasury secretary bob rubin, new jersey governor jon corzine, deputy secretary of state john whitehead, serving their country with great distinction and success.the current head of goldman is highly unlikely to be allowed to serve his country with distinction. back in 2006 washington barely blinked when mr paulson sold half a billion dollars of goldman stock in advance of his move to treasury. widening differences in borrowing costs, shown in an analysis by goldman sachs, highlight how ecb measures have prevented a catastrophic eurozone break-up but failed to ease crippling credit conditions in much of the region's southern periphery, where economic growth prospects remain bleak.
developers have steadily moved away from microsoft to newer platforms such as the internet and apple's ios software, says bill -gurley, a partner at benchmark capital, a silicon valley venture capital firm.the surface is an expensive roll of the dice to put the microsoft software platform back at the centre of their attention.
facebook reaches 1bn users but growth slows
microsoft is to stop making new versions of the zune player, once the focus of its efforts to counter apple in digital consumer electronics, as it shifts its focus to a broader software strategy to try to outflank its rival.
denise cote, a federal judge in new york, cited "admissions" by steve jobs, as well as emails and telephone calls between apple, amazon and publishing executives as proof that apple acted as a ringleader in a price-fixing conspiracy when it launched its digital books.
apple has not yet revealed when the new smartphone will go on sale in china, its largest market after the us.
in a leaked memo before the microsoft deal, stephen elop, nokia chief executive, compared the finnish company with a man stood on a blazing oil rig, faced with a choice between certain death and a risky leap into the unknown.
pandora investors turn off as apple eyes radio
margins have been squeezed by the security market's low barriers to entry, which were constraining pricing power, goldman said.expectations of weaker profitability in uk and ireland cash services meant goldman forecast g4s to miss consensus forecasts for earnings per share by 10 per cent this year and by 18 per cent in 2014.
regulatory clarity should allow investors to judge more accurately whether goldman can cope with this financial landscape. sir, the reaction to greg smith's broadside against goldman sachs is overheated.
jpmorgan is likely to give an update on the trading losses, which it said last time had cost $5.8bn but warned the number could still rise as the trades are unwound.
colin gillis, tech analyst at bgc partners, added that fresh data on forecast tablet sales for 2012 released yesterday showed that apple was facing stiffer competition from google .
john swinson, technology partner with law firm king & wood mallesons, said: "the high court has clearly determined that google is in a similar position to a television network or newspaper, and is not liable for the content of advertisements placed by its advertising customers, unless it can be proven that google is more actively involved in the creation of the content. the accc started legal proceedings against google in 2007 , alleging that users were misled into thinking ads displayed on its results pages were organic and not sponsored, or paid for, links.google subsequently applied to the high court to have the matter resolved.google said it welcomed the "unanimous" ruling by the high court.
goldman doubles blankfein stock bonus; banks
strong earnings from microsoft lifted the stock but the broader indices were barely changed after figures showed the economy grew in line with expectations.
jobs , the biopic telling the early business life story of apple founder steve jobs, made a disappointing debut at the us box office after getting some stinging reviews, including from the company's co-founder steve wozniak, writes stephen foley.
the bank poached andrea orcel from bank_of_america merrill lynch, bringing him in alongside the investment bank's current sole head carsten kengeter.
last month, cnil asked google to postpone implementation because of "legitimate concerns about the protection of the personal data of european citizens".
from 47.4 per cent in the first three months of this year, apple is now predicting that its gross margin will drop to 38.5 per cent in the current quarter, about the level it hit two years ago. the strategy apple has chosen is very different than the one it pursued with the ipod. the challenge for apple has been to manage all this without leaving a pricing umbrella that allows rivals to steal in and take a large slice of the expanding market. the figures were a contrast to those of apple , which on tuesday missed forecasts for third-quarter revenues and earnings. apple shareholders unimpressed after earnings miss forecasts
vikram pandit, citigroup's chief executive, has defended his handling of the company's bid for wachovia, accusing the charlotte, north carolina-based bank of reneging on a nearly done deal when wells_fargo launched a counterbid to "steal" the lender.
goldman warned cdo probe is far from over
goldman cut the amount of remuneration paid to its bankers by 16 per cent to $4.38bn in the first quarter, and trimmed its workforce by 3 per cent compared with the end of last year. goldman sachs
microsoft said that reported revenues from windows had risen by 23 per cent to $5.7bn. the businesses that really matter at microsoft had shrug-worthy sales.ken goldman, yahoo's finance chief, warned that there was "still a gap in monetisation" from search, which it would work with microsoft to improve. from backtracking on its radical new windows user interface to slashing software prices, there was no shortage last week of advice for microsoft on how to deal with a worrying new decline in global pc sales.
the demand by france 's highest administrative court, which reviews legislation, that the ump must stump up eur11m, has jeopardised the party's finances and constituted "an unprecedented situation under the fifth republic," mr sarkozy said in a rare post on his facebook page yesterday.
there is also an unexplored irony: despite wood's background as a microsoft sales executive, he chose to focus his second life on donating low-tech print-based books rather than finding ways to tap the digital revolution that (despite obvious infrastructure challenges) is now reaching even remote parts of africa.
goldman sachs to exit target- date market; retirement funds
large home lenders such as wells_fargo and jpmorgan chase have been beneficiaries of the federal reserve's bond-buying programme that bolstered housing. in the first quarter mortgage banking income at wells_fargo , the largest home lender in the us, fell 3 per cent from a year ago and 9 per cent quarter on quarter to $2.8bn. a batch of poor economic data sparked a retreat on wall street yesterday even as jpmorgan chase and wells_fargo reported strong quarterly results, capping a week marked by otherwise robust gains with losses.
high prices have hampered efforts by both microsoft and intel - the old "wintel" duopoly - to revive a pc market they have long dominated, writes chris nuttall .
google launched a fresh assault on the laptop market against microsoft and apple yesterday as it unveiled the first machine to have been designed and built in-house and the first to come with a touchsensitive screen.
prosecutors hope to use ms eisenberg's testimony to bolster claims that mr gupta called mr rajaratnam immediately following a goldman board meeting in september 2008 to tell him that warren buffett's firm, berkshire hathaway, had agreed to invest $5bn in the bank. caryn eisenberg, who worked for mr rajaratnam as his executive assistant from january 2008 until december 2009, was the first witness called in the trial over charges of securities fraud and conspiracy against mr gupta, a former director of goldman sachs and procter & gamble.
shares in apple fell more than 10 per cent, losing about $50bn in market value, in after-hours trading after it missed wall street's expectations for the fiscal first-quarter revenues.
and last week carl levin, the michigan democrat who chairs the investigations subcommittee, told the financial times there was "real hope" law-enforcement officials would act on his panel's report, which accused goldman of misleading investors and congress.
moritz erhardt, an intern at bank_of_america merrill lynch in london was found dead last week in his shower at his accommodation in east london, it emerged yesterday.
bofa shares fell 7.5 per cent to $6.38, citigroup fell 5.2 per cent to $25.52 and wells_fargo dropped 3.9 per cent to $23.71.
after an accounting adjustment the year before that forced the company to defer reporting some of its early windows 7 revenue, microsoft said that underlying revenues had been up 13 per cent.
but since commercial services in lte in china are not expected until next year at the earliest, chinese apple fans may be facing another long wait for more affordable iphones.
jpmorgan chase was yesterday sued for allegedly defrauding investors who lost more than $20bn on mortgage-backed securities written by bear stearns, part of a last push by us authorities to hit banks for their behaviour in the run-up to the financial crisis.
the research is supported by anecdotal evidence from people within the large mobile operators, who say that sales of the iphone 4s have slowed as fans of the apple operating system have waited for a new version, rumoured to be released in september.
the commission has the power to fine google up to 10 per cent of its global revenues and force it to change its behaviour or restructure, without requiring a court order.
"we continue to see them putting google places results higher in the search results - higher on the page than other natural search results," said adam medros, tripadvisor's vice-president for product, referring to google's local reviews and listings service which competes with tripadvisor's hotel and restaurant reviews site."what we are constantly vigilant about is that google treats relevant content fairly. tripadvisor had previously clashed with google over its incorporation of extracts from reviews into places, without its consent.in july last year, google ceased using such snippets after complaints from other listings services such as yelp, a move seen at the time as the first indication that google was responding to regulators' pressure.
goldman sachs cut compensation for its chairman and chief executive lloyd blankfein to its lowest since 2009 following a slump in both the bank's profits and share price last year.
jpmorgan close to $4bn mis-selling deal; banks
"we expect china mobile may not subsidise [the] iphone 5c before early 2014, but instead let apple sell it through apple's own distribution channels," citi analyst bin liu wrote in a note on tuesday. apple puts security and colours before price cuts on latest iphones
blow for google as android executive defects to xiaomi
in january, apple suffered a hacking intrusion , along with microsoft, facebook and twitter, after attackers hijacked employees' computers using a vulnerability in oracle's java web-browsing software.
mr schneiderman alleged that bank of america and wells_fargo did not acknowledge receipt of loan modification applications within three business days, alert homeowners to missing documents in the application, give borrowers enough time to correct deficiencies, or act on loan modification requests within 30 days.
bank_of_america may have been criticised in some quarters for overpaying for its acquisition of merrill lynch two years ago but research analysts from the merged bank last year proved themselves best at judging what european stocks were worth and when they should be bought or sold.
mr cook said yesterday that apple was "extremely sorry for the frustration" caused by misplaced landmarks and incorrectly named locations in maps , which replaced google maps in the latest version of the iphone and ipad's operating system.
us authorities charged two former jpmorgan chase traders with fraud for allegedly hiding hundreds of millions of dollars in losses stemming from the "london whale" trade that tarnished the bank's reputation and may cost it much more in fines and penalties.
but the story around the tv offering was a little vague and confused, with microsoft likely to have to deal with a multitude of cable, satellite and internet service providers around the world, as well as broadcasters, over how their services and content are incorporated.
"apple has lost a visionary and creative genius, and the world has lost an amazing human being," apple said on its website late last night.
in truth, most tech groups hold such brainstorming sessions - but at facebook engineers are urged to collaborate across teams.and, thus far, facebook has managed to ensure its employees define themselves as part of a common "tribe".and though facebook has produced some incrementally smart ideas in the past year , it has notably not dazzled the market with any truly game-changing innovations more recently - from hackathons, hackamonths or anywhere else. aggregift has already facilitated a few thousand gift-funding exercises by encouraging people to post their gift requests on their facebook page.
shares in facebook slipped 3.2 per cent to $30.28 in after-market hours trading and were set to open lower today as the social networking site reported its latest quarterly results.
jpmorgan suffered almost $6bn in losses because of trades from the so-called "london whale" caused in part by avoidable errors on excel spreadsheets used to calculate risk, according to an investigation by the us bank.
but microsoft is only part of the way there - and in apple and google, it has two of the most dynamic competitors any company has faced. the second fundamental issue is that microsoft has been facing a classic innovator's dilemma: because no other mass computing platform will ever prove as profitable for it as the pc, it has little incentive to push ahead with new computing models.
microsoft rating downgrade drags tech stocks lower
the spate of expensive acquisitions of young consumer internet companies with little or no revenue continued yesterday as google agreed to pay $1bn for waze, a fast-growing traffic and mapping app for smartphones.
microsoft is the only company to be fined for failing to obey a commission decision, making the appeal a test case of brussels' ability to police its decisions and punish noncompliance.
a total fine of up to $20bn on the biggest servicers, led by bank_of_america and wells fargo, is being discussed.
if tim cook was seeking to demonstrate how his leadership of apple differs from that of his predecessor, steve jobs, he could have made no better public gesture than issuing an apology.
while google did not submit any legally binding concessions - so-called "remedies" - to address specific competition concerns, a statement of intent on the use of patents would be taken into account in the approval decision.
goldman sachs is on track to report its worst earnings year since before the financial crisis after a slump in trading activity hit the investment bank's second-quarter profit.
us judge blocks apple vote on corporate governance changes
but the recent $2bn-plus trading loss incurred by jpmorgan has put the spotlight back on the occ. members of the senate banking committee have questioned the judgment of top officials at the occ after those regulators suggested that the lossmaking jpmorgan trades would have been legal under the planned ban on proprietary trading. bob corker, a republican member of the senate banking committee, says that an occ staffer was "very adamant" that the trades "absolutely would be permitted activity under the volcker rule" in a discussion about the jpmorgan trades.
big shareholders appeared unwilling to fund upgrades of intu's properties, meaning the group might have to sell stakes in some centres to pay for necessary improvements to others, goldman said.
jpmorgan has lost more than 12 per cent since thursday when it announced that it had been hit by a $2bn trading loss on derivatives .
jpmorgan asset management has launched its jpm diversified real return fund, based on a strategy run by its global multi-asset group. the scale of the surprise $2bn loss at jpmorgan chase last week is accelerating plans by global regulators to force banks to improve their trading risk models - a move that could sharply push up costs and capital requirements for big banks worldwide.
"says the woman from goldman sachs, obviously pleased.
 alicia glen, the goldman executive, is delighted to see the man in a suit because goldman helped put the yuppies in harlem - and he is entering the very apartment block with which it claims to have done so.
 the kalahari, an unmissable zigzag brick-patterned building built in 2008 with goldman money, was designed to accommodate a mixture of the well-off and the working middle class normally priced out of manhattan property.and the mix of people is good for those who pay full price, too, says the goldman executive. before it became a bank goldman avoided the demands of the cra but since its metamorphosis the feared trading house has had to get cuddlier.the easiest - especially for banks such as goldman that have no retail presence - is to buy a load of low-income housing tax credits.goldman, under the direction of ms glen, has gone much further, attracting investment bankers into her urban investment group, applying sophisticated financing to projects in deprived areas from new york to new orleans while retaining the familiar competitive goldman edge to business. goldman responds it has been in the community development business for 10 years, though its commitment has increased from a mere $50m of capital to about $1.5bn.
 another rival says goldman has indeed taken an aggressive approach and invested equity very early in affordable housing projects.goldman argues it might make a return in the long run.
 a controversial tax deal between goldman sachs and hm revenue & customs that saw the investment bank agree a settlement that reportedly saved it millions of pounds in interest could face a challenge in the high court.
 leigh day & co, the law firm acting on behalf of uk uncut legal action, has written to hmrc threatening legal action in the form of a judicial review if the agreement between hmrc and goldman sachs in december 2010 is not quashed.
 earlier this month mps on the public accounts committee were told that a mistake by a tax official in settling the long-running tax dispute with goldman sachs concerned £5m-£8m of uncollected interest.
mr hartnett told mps that we made a mistake on one issue"" on the goldman sachs case and said no disciplinary action had been taken against anyone as a result.one mp accused mr hartnett of giving goldman sachs ""a huge competitive advantage""."
section: apple after steve jobs; pg. the people now in charge of apple are still enigmas to most outside the technology industry, and it is difficult to imagine any of them taking on the mythic proportions of steve jobs, the co-founder who died on wednesday.
a key investor advisory firm has urged shareholders of goldman sachs to vote against the bank's executive compensation plan, citing a "disconnect between pay and performance".
jpmorgan has taken an aggressive public stance on -regulation, with mr dimon -previously attacking new international capital standards as "anti-american" .
Thursday saw the S&P500 soar by 2.1 per cent to 1,256.16 and the Nasdaq Composite rise by 2.8 per cent to 2,144.15.Despite its early winning run, the S&P500 closed on Friday at 1,251.54, down by 0.7 points on the week.He said: "The S&P500 index is down 5 per cent and the Russell 2000 index down nearly 7 per cent.Recent market moves fly in the face of the strong first quarter enjoyed by the S&P500 Composite Index.The biggest S&P500 gainers for the first quarter were telecoms (14.5 per cent) energy (9.1 per cent), materials (7.4 per cent) and industrials (7 per cent), while utilities, an interest-rate sensitive group, was the only decliner (1.2 per cent).The FTSE100 has returned 29 per cent over the past two years while the S&P500 has only gained 12 per cent in local currency.
an important us ruling in the patent wars between apple and samsung was postponed late yesterday, clearing the stage for a separate case that is set to come to a head this weekend as president barack obama weighs whether to intervene in the battle between the world's biggest smartphone makers.
he said "only two regulations [in the us] materially can hurt our competitive ability", the volcker rule, which prohibits proprietary trading and banks fear may also crimp legitimate market making, and restrictions on derivatives trading, which jpmorgan has said hands a competitive advantage to foreign groups.
publishers have also signed on for apple and amazon's billing services, allowing the technology companies to sell annual digital subscriptions to most titles for $19.99 each.time inc, the largest magazine publisher by circulation, is not selling subscriptions through apple or amazon.
microsoft ran into a wall of investor scepticism yesterday over its belated jump to -compete against apple and samsung in the smartphone business with a eur5.4bn deal to buy nokia's handset operations and license the finnish company's patents.
bank_of_america merrill lynch has delivered a tit-for-tat rejoinder to rival ubs, poaching the swiss bank's former co-head of investment banking to run its investment banking operations in europe.
the investigation follows a civil settlement jpmorgan reached last month with the federal energy regulatory commission over allegations that the bank manipulated power markets in california and the midwest.
in a settlement on thursday, the us federal reserve announced a formal enforcement action against goldman "to address a pattern of misconduct and negligence relating to deficient practices" in loan servicing and foreclosure processing at its litton loan servicing unit.
a different outcome to the nokia partnership may now be in store: with the handset maker flailing , microsoft may have little choice but to move into the smartphone business as well, said richard doherty, analyst at envisioneering.
an era in british banking is set to end with david mayhew, one of the city's elder statesmen, stepping down as chairman of jpmorgan cazenove.
the billionaire chief executive of microsoft already owns 5 per cent of the company, so he doesn't need options and share grants as incentives.microsoft trades at a mere 10 times prospective earnings, a low reached previously only in late 2008.
apple had beaten wall street consensus profit estimates by at least 13 per cent in each of the past four quarters, and the miss on tuesday was a disappointment to investors encouraged by the strong early sales of the iphone 4s, which launched after the most recent quarter closed.
next year, symbian is projected to fall into fifth place behind apple's ios, research in motion's blackberry and windows phone, as nokia shifts to the microsoft new platform.
a spokesperson for wells_fargo said that mr femenia, who moved from the company's charlotte office to its new york division in may, was suspended immediately after the us bank learnt of the accusations on tuesday."as the sec noted in its complaint against mr femenia, wells_fargo has detailed policies and training programmes on the handling of confidential information, and we have a zero-tolerance policy for the misuse of such information.sustained cyber attacks targeting the websites of big us banks including wells_fargo were examples of the growing threat. other banks including goldman sachs, wells_fargo and bb&t have also taken advantage of the market to issue the shares.
"we've recently heard from many loyal apple customers who were disappointed to learn that we had removed our products from the epeat rating system," mr mansfield wrote.starting today, all eligible apple products are back on epeat.in july 2010 apple admitted to failings with mobile reception on the then-new iphone 4, and gave out free rubber cases.
as jpmorgan chase's chief investment office was engaging in disastrous trades, other parts of the bank were working out what would happen if it suffered a "catastrophic, idiosyncratic event".
"the board of microsoft decided it was not in their best interests for this to play out in the public eye," says rick sherlund, a software analyst at nomura securities. mr morfit will be free to take up the seat at the first quarterly board meeting after the october meeting, microsoft said - a delay that will reduce his influence at a critical time for the company's directors, as they search for a replacement for mr ballmer. attempts by microsoft and google to persuade the obama administration to let them reveal more about the extent of internet surveillance by the us national security agency have failed, the top lawyer at microsoft disclosed yesterday.
google was working yesterday to give internet users more power to block advertisers from tracking their online behaviour as it sought to limit the damage from the latest privacy scandal to dent its corporate image.
while initial reactions to the jpmorgan loss focused on how it could reshape the us debate over implementing the volcker rule ban on proprietary trading, the misstep by one of the world's largest banks could have broader consequences.
apple shares are off 23 per cent on the year to date as patent fights and increased competition have damped the outlook for the consumer group.
apple claims that samsung's tablet infringes its technology and design patents. on monday, apple filed a preliminary injunction request in germany to ban sales of samsung's revised galaxy tab 10.1, which the company redesigned in an attempt to circumvent contentious features after its original device was banned.
eric schneiderman, new york attorney-general, has sued jpmorgan for the alleged misdeeds of bear in packaging low-quality mortgages into bonds and selling them to investors who suffered sharp losses.
berlin lawmakers bend to google pressure on copyright
as chief executive tim cook admitted earlier this week at the d11 conference in southern california, the flaws in apple maps have still not all been fixed and apple has had to put some of its best minds on the problem to sort it out. if apple needed a wake-up call on services, it came at a recent google conference.three of the search company's advances in particular should give apple pause.apple may have been the first to turn digital music into a paying proposition, and itunes still dominates the market.but all the growth has shifted to the subscriptions business, where apple has yet to show its hand.even if google's own subscription service fails to take off, the fact that it beat apple to the punch in music, which has always been one of the "killer apps" of the iphone, looked highly symbolic.
facebook declined to offer advice or predictions, and said it would remain focused on long-term goals.
eu officials have also criticised aggressive us lobbying on behalf of google and facebook to relax new privacy laws being considered by brussels.
as the most heavily weighted company in the s&p 500 and nasdaq composite, apple is the equity market's bellwether, so the news this week that apple missed both its earnings and revenue estimates could be a telling moment for the company and the broader technology sector.
aol's patent deal with microsoft fails to staunch s&p 500 sell-off
The S&P500 reached its bear market low at a valuation way above the trough of previous bear markets, and has since put on 40 per cent and more.Options traders have further fuelled speculation by betting the S&P500 index will drop in September.S&P500
the jury awarded just over $1bn in damages to apple after it found that several of samsung's smartphones "wilfully" infringed patented appearance and features of the iphone including the so-called "rubberbanding" scrolling, its sleek glass front and its grid of colourful, round-cornered apps.
"countrywide and bank_of_america systematically removed every check in favour of its own balance - they cast aside underwriters, eliminated quality controls, incentivised unqualified personnel to cut corners and concealed the resulting defects," said preet bharara, us attorney for the southern district of new york.at some point bank_of_america can't be expected to compensate every entity that claims losses that actually were caused by the economic downturn. the buyout group has talked to jpmorgan and bank_of_america about financing a deal that would involve debt of $4bn to $5bn, and equity of $800m to $900m, these people said.
lawyered by nigelshareholders of el paso corporation have voted to accept a $38bn merger with kinder morgan, while leaving the door open to claiming damages after a us judge found goldman sachs had a conflict of interest as an adviser on the deal.
jpmorgan is arguing that the bank's shareholders suffered from the $6bn loss and should not have to suffer twice by paying a fine, this person said.jpmorgan is also negotiating a pact with the uk's financial conduct authority.
the us department of justice has sued bank_of_america for more than $1bn in the first fraud suit over defective home loans sold to government-backed mortgage companies fannie mae and freddie mac.
pwc faces fine over audit failings in jpmorgan case
the courtroom showdown between oracle and google has been thrown into confusion after a jury found against google on the main copyright infringement charge, but failed to decide on a central argument in its defence.
after more than two years of investigation and plenty of rhetoric that suggests he will not let this pass easily, it is unimaginable that google will be given a completely clean bill of health.one is that google gives unfair preference to its own services in its search results.type a location, or the codes of two airports, into the search box and the top result will be a map from google or suggested flight times with prices.
jamie dimon, chief executive of jpmorgan chase, shook up his top management team as the bank's $2bn trading loss claimed the scalp of ina drew, chief investment officer.
like it or not, twitter's stock market debut - when it finally comes - will provide the excuse for the biggest bout of consumer internet hype since the bungled facebook ipo.one message the company has hardly been shy about sending is that it wants to do everything it can to avoid the traps that facebook fell into.at seven, twitter is only a year younger than facebook was when it went public.facebook misread the level of demand when it priced its own share sale, apparently mistaking bids from opportunists hoping to flip the shares as a sign of "real" underlying demand.
wall street has closed ranks around goldman against greg smith's j'accuse .
in its filing later in the day, jpmorgan said it had been warned that the federal energy regulatory commission or ferc "intends to recommend" an enforcement action against the bank and "certain firm personnel".
microsoft shares were quiet even as the software company unveiled its latest operating system and first tablet device to consumers.
wells_fargo failed to report any deficient loans before a 2005 government review, the lawsuit alleged.
early last week the securities and exchange commission dropped an investigation into a $1.3bn subprime mortgage deal put together by goldman at the height of the mortgage boom.
moneysupermarket suffers as google moves on price comparison
ferc, which regulates gas, electricity and oil networks, said jpmorgan would pay $285m in a civil penalty to the us treasury and give up $125m of "unjust profits", with the bulk of the latter going to californian electricity consumers.
"time is running out for google to get serious about data protection," viviane reding, the eu's top justice official in charge of bolstering the bloc's data protection rules, said on twitter.
aca says that paulson was worried that goldman would not be able to pass on some of the insurance payouts due to the fund if the bank were to default.to solve the problem, paulson could have been named as a replacement insurance buyer in the event that goldman failed. instead goldman gave itself the ability to appoint a replacement buyer in the event it defaulted, the bond insurer says. the bond insurer's complaint also includes a transcript of a conversation which aca alleges shows goldman directly misrepresented paulson's interest in the deal.
citigroup and bank_of_america hurt as financials lead declines
google hands htc ammunition to fight legal battle against apple
apple failed miserably with ping, its attempt to build a social network around music, and must feel it has little choice but to draw closer to facebook, 500m of whose members now access the service over mobile devices.
the chief audit officer of new york city has called on jpmorgan chase to "claw back" salary and bonuses paid to top executives following the bank's $2bn trading loss.
the move is likely to cause controversy for apple as facebook's "apps within an app" model could break apple's rules for software on its iphone and ipad.
brussels is concerned that google gives undue prominence to its own services, such as maps and comparison shopping, harming competition and consumer choice.
wachovia approached potential buyers including citigroup, wells_fargo and spain's banco santander yesterday after a 27 per cent plunge in its shares deepened fears over the future of the sixth-largest bank in the us.
this is unacceptable to syrians," mr khatib wrote on his facebook page.
apple already sells older iphones at lower prices but they remain relatively costly, especially in emerging markets, where operator subsidies are not always as large as in the us and europe.
goldman has been hit hard by the so-called volcker rule - which restricts the amount of speculative trading banks may perform with their own capital.
but as in the settlement between jpmorgan and the federal energy regulatory commission over alleged manipulation of power markets, it is resisting attempts to tie wrongdoing to senior executives.
apple declined to comment on wednesday. the dispute cuts to the heart of the complex relationship between apple and samsung. all eyes are on the us, where apple is due to seek an injunction this month.
"given the contractual nature of the swap, goldman sachs is not agreeable to terminate the swap at $0, a decision the city has been assured was made by goldman upper management. people familiar with the talks say goldman has offered concessions, including the possibility of spreading exit payments over the swap's lifetime or reducing the $16m exit payment by $100,000-$300,000.
jpmorgan now has 21 days to deliver its response. the central issue in ferc's threat to jpmorgan is the bank's description of communications with the california electricity system operator between october 2011 and june 2012.
it is ironic that both dell and apple shared big news last week.
jpmorgan to spin off $4.5bn equity fund
a 6 per cent drop in the price of each ad clicked - more than analysts had expected - came after google introduced a new advertising system designed to help advertisers build more campaigns on mobile devices, where ad prices remain below desktop search ads.google also said that exceptionally warm weather in the uk had hit advertising revenues there.
microsoft has bowed to pressure from an activist investor, ceding a board seat to valueact capital as it tries to quell unrest on wall street.
google leaders' private lives come under scrutiny; media
the chief executive and co-founder said the worst mistake facebook ever made was to use the latest web tools of hypertext markup language 5 to build a mobile version of the social network.
google accuses microsoft on search data
nearly 12 years since taking over from bill gates, mr ballmer has finally shaped microsoft into a company more attuned to the changing world of mobile devices and the cloud. for much of his first decade at the top, mr ballmer's microsoft was entangled in the debacle stemming from its windows vista pc operating system.
google still faces legal action in other countries, including the us, where a new york district court has rejected a 2008 deal it struck with the association of american publishers.
most industry analysts believe that microsoft will have trouble gaining much ground, even with a successful launch.
goldman referred questions about the allegations to litton, which said it "has robust policies and procedures in place for processing modifications, reporting complaints and assessing fees".goldman bought litton in 2007, but put the unit up for sale this year.
goldman last week accidentally sent thousands of orders for options contracts to exchanges operated by nyse euronext, nasdaq omx and the cboe, after a systems upgrade that went awry. goldman has not disclosed how much money it lost in tuesday's incident but the trading error probably cost it less than the $100m initially estimated by some market participants, after exchanges opted to void many of the transactions.
the panel also will question whether a bank the size of jpmorgan - with $2.4tn in assets - is too big or complicated to manage, adding fuel to a raging washington debate over whether the government should forcibly break up large financial groups.
lg display is the second company to report weaker profits due to lower demand from apple after cirrus logic, a maker of audio chips for the iphone, last week reported lower than expected quarterly results and weaker than forecast sales guidance.
apple shares began the year at almost $550 before steadily falling to below $400 in april.
microsoft recently slashed the price and took a $900m charge against one model of its first-generation surface tablets, called the rt. the writedown more than offset the $853m in revenues microsoft reported for both the rt and an intel-based pro model in their first eight months on the market.
however, the huge user numbers raise questions about the costs of serving bandwidth-intensive video to so many users and whether the eight-year-old site can generate a profit for google and its content partners.
motorola mobility, the google takeover target, has sued microsoft in germany for infringement of a patent related to video technology used in windows 7, media player and the xbox. "we would have preferred to keep our european distribution centre ... in germany, as it has been for many years, but unfortunately the risk of disruption from motorola's patent litigation is simply too high," microsoft said.
"that's ridiculous - there is no impact on facebook whatsoever because of tumblr," mr wieser said. facebook fell another 2 per cent on june 3 to $23.84, when zynga announced it would lay off 520 employees because of the underperformance of its social games and its struggle to shift to mobile.although facebook has been moving to diversify its gaming partners , and its gaming revenues have risen in the past six months while zynga's have fallen, investors still view the fate of the two companies as entwined.
jpmorgan yesterday became the latest bank to disclose it was told in january by the securities and exchange commission it may face two civil lawsuits.
the delay shifts the spotlight to mr obama, who is facing an imminent deadline on whether to step in to support apple in a separate patent case brought by samsung. trade experts have said that a presidential veto in favour of apple is highly unlikely, raising the prospect that both companies could soon face bans of some of their products in the biggest consumer technology market. sir, if apple chief executive tim cook really is going to move some of the company's manufacturing to the us this year (" apple faces fresh accusations over conditions at china iphone plants ", july 30) to make the company "as innovative with supply responsibility as we are with products", then why does it not set up a manufacturing facility in detroit?
jpmorgan chase added to an increasingly negative mood on wall street yesterday as its shares fell as much as 3.3 per cent with us equities sinking to their lowest level in more than three months.
the decision not to charge goldman follows a courtroom loss last week when a jury found a citigroup banker not liable for misleading investors in the sale of a collateralised debt obligation.
microsoft and verizon fall despite upbeat start to september trading; wall street
the lawsuit alleges that wells_fargo put profits ahead of underwriting standards, hired temporary staff to churn out new loans and aligned bonus payments to loan-approval -volume.
facebook will be charging in the "low s$20" per thousand video views, even when users have not activated audio, according to people familiar with the company's plans.
on wednesday, after the close of trading, apple reported fiscal first-quarter results that failed to impress investors, as it guided to about a 20 per cent drop in earnings for the current quarter. in its first quarter, apple reported $13.1bn in net income, almost three times more than the $4.5bn that amazon has earned since it became profitable in 2003.while amazon's gross margin has ranged between 22 and 24 per cent over recent years, apple investors have become used to gross margins of about 40 per cent or more.
wells_fargo failed to report any deficient loans before a 2005 government review, the lawsuit claims.
despite closing its recommendation, goldman said gold prices could go lower. at the time, it advised clients to take bearish bets on gold , goldman had noted that gold prices had remained unchanged in spite of the resurgence in eurozone risk aversion as well as disappointing us economic data - usually supporting factors for the yellow metal.things said in the goldman sachs lifts do not stay in the goldman sachs lifts: they get tweeted for us all to enjoy.it's perfectly plausible that goldman bankers say odious things like this, but what isn't plausible is that they say them in lifts.
the us mortgage foreclosure crisis deepened after it emerged that wells_fargo may have used controversial practices that have prompted rivals to halt home repossessions and jpmorgan chase said banks might be fined over the issue.
"with windows vista, it took microsoft more than a year to realise it had launched a turkey," says richard doherty, an analyst at envisioneering, a technology research firm.
a us bank regulator overseeing jpmorgan chase is reviewing whether it provided bank examiners with adequate information on trading positions that have led to at least $2bn in losses.
jpmorgan chase is expected to announce losses of about $5bn related to trades by the so-called london whale at its second-quarter earnings presentation in two weeks.
microsoft executives have tried to use kinect, which relies on motion-sensing cameras mounted in a set-top box, to steal some of the limelight from the multi-touch screens on the iphone and ipad. in an apparent comparison with the ipad, of which 7.3m were sold in the same period, microsoft called its kinect the "hottest product of the holiday season", although at $149, the device is priced well below the $499 of the bottom-of-the-range ipad.for the windows division, microsoft reported sales of $5.05bn, down from $7.19bn. the low growth reflected weakening consumer demand and a fall-off in sales of low-cost netbooks, with the number of pcs sold in the final quarter of 2010 up only 2-4 per cent, microsoft said.
mr morrison was fired in december 2010 and goldman suspended any underwriting activities with the state. an after-dinner speech by dave hartnett, former head of revenue & customs, has been been gatecrashed by campaigners criticising tax agreements he reached with companies including vodafone and goldman sachs.
oaktree, countrywide and goldman declined to comment.
bank_of_america and citigroup have suffered setbacks in their attempt to escape a troubled legacy of problems from the financial crisis with renewed worries over legal costs and doubts about profitability.
after reporting $558m in trading volume for 2011, almost $343m of which was facebook trades, secondmarket has decided trading volume is no longer a relevant metric for gauging its business and has stopped reporting it. facebook was an unwilling pioneer in the development of these markets."it is worth the trek here to gauge the trends and tastes and meet people face to face," says rudsak founder evik asatoorian, who is conducting a facebook campaign to see how fans respond to actors wearing their designs.
And the S&P500 futures was indicating the blue-chip index would surge.
"it's about extending all of the google ecosystem on to a screen that they've had relatively little penetration on so far. netflix, the us movie rental service, has adopted the protocol, called cast, and google said it was in discussions with others to bring a wider range of internet services to tv sets by means of its gadget.
 even though google had still not reached any breakthrough agreements with tv networks, chromecast stood a better chance because of its low price and the fact that it could access a wider range of content than the q, mr cryan said.
 youtube and netflix accounted for slightly less than half of all us internet traffic during peak evening viewing, google executives said, proving strong demand for video services that could be viewed on a tv set with chromecast. chromecast, on sale on google's play store yesterday, was meant to be plugged directly into a television set and to work automatically once connected to a home wifi network, google said.
 in another challenge to apple, google unveiled yesterday an updated version of its nexus 7 tablet, rival to the ipad mini and samsung's 7-inch galaxy tab.
 google buys 6.3% stake in glass headset chipmaker; technology hardware
 google has invested in expanding the production facilities of the taiwanese company making chips for the new google glass, in a sign of the search company gearing up to sell the headset to the mass market.
 nasdaq-listed himax technologies said yesterday that google had bought a 6.3 per cent stake in its subsidiary himax display , with the option of increasing that holding to up to just under 15 per cent within one year.
 the price of the deal was not disclosed, but himax says the funds will go towards expanding and upgrading production facilities that make chips powering the display technology used in google glass.
 analysts expect glass to be launched as early as the first half of next year - google has so far given only 8,000 contest winners the opportunity to buy the $1,500 devices.
 the proposals for tackling multinational tax avoidance drawn up after criticism of the low tax rates paid by companies such as google were hailed by ministers as a big step towards re-establishing confidence in the tax system.
 viviane reding , the commissioner overseeing data protection, told ministers yesterday her office had begun an assessment of the safe harbour"" used by google and facebook as well as thousands of smaller us companies."
brussels is concerned that google gives undue prominence to its own services, such as maps and comparison shopping, harming competition and consumer choice.
google found itself on a collision course with european regulators yesterday after a provisional finding that its new privacy policy breaches european law.
so far, bank of america and wells_fargo have confirmed they will accept the ious. in particular, wells_fargo may face having to deal with a probe by california's department of corporations into its mortgage lending practices in the state.
brent crude finished the week more than 3 per cent lower after a goldman sachs report calling the end of a "sustained increase" in oil prices as well as a new anchor for the oil benchmark at $90 a barrel.
adding to mr ballmer's discomfort, david einhorn, a hedge fund manager and large microsoft shareholder, last week called for new leadership at the software company . it is the fear that microsoft has missed the boat on the biggest recent trend in personal computing that accounts for much of the unease.
hackers embarrass apple with online release of sensitive data
google tv received a poor reception when it was launched in the us a year ago, with critics claiming it was too complex and lacked compelling content.
sir, reading about mcdonald's troubled foray into social media ("critics hijack mcdonald's twitter campaign", january 25) reminded me of that famous quote from a google engineer: "social media is like teen sex. google overhauls privacy policies
wells_fargo revised its results to take account of fresh investment losses, which pushed the shares down 5.1 per cent to $15.95 and left them on course for a weekly decline of 16.8 per cent.
Michael Mauboussin, the chief investment strategist at Legg Mason, said the chance of a fund beating the S&P500 for 15 years on the trot was a vanishingly small one in 2.3m.
bank_of_america disappointment fuels broad declines for financials; wall street
us manufacturers have attacked plans by jpmorgan chase to launch an exchange-traded fund backed by physical copper, arguing that the product would "grossly and artificially inflate prices" and "wreak havoc on the us and global economy".
in the financial sector, morgan stanley and wells_fargo were in focus. wells_fargo rose 3.4 per cent to $26.79 after its second-quarter profit fell less than expected and losses on consumer and commercial loans were lower than in its first quarter. in the financial sector, morgan stanley and wells_fargo were in focus. wells_fargo rose 3.4 per cent to $26.79 after its second-quarter profit fell less than expected and losses on consumer and commercial loans were lower than in its first quarter.the s&p 500 financial sector, which started the day up on positive results from morgan stanley and wells_fargo , also fell 1.8 per cent after mr bernanke spoke. wells_fargo rose 1.8 per cent to $26.37 after its second-quarter profit fell less than expected and losses on consumer and commercial loans were lower than in its first quarter. in the us, overland partners, a firm created out of the former wells_fargo risk arbitrage prop desk, raised more than $400m this year, over half of which came as a proprietary investment from the bank.wells_fargo and overland declined to comment.
google says the campaign "protect your web - find what you're looking for" is a success. philipp rösler, economy minister, warned google "to watch for the difference between protecting one's interests and misleading the public".
microsoft says a similar trial it has held in the us has not uncovered any interference issues.
a british parliamentary committee last month accused google of "immoral" tax avoidance .
wells_fargo mainly lends to higher quality borrowers indicating that the crisis that began in the subprime mortgage market may be spreading due to declines in us house prices.wells_fargo shares were off nearly 4 per cent to dollars 34.58 in midday trade.
mr bradbury last year attacked google for exploiting different legal jurisdictions and using complex profit-shifting structures such as the "double irish dutch sandwich" to minimise its tax bill.
a review of harvard university's email servers and back-up tapes are said to have revealed that none of the emails purportedly sent by mr ceglia about facebook appeared in mr zuckerberg's account. facebook commended the arrest and charges by the us attorney.
Most of the manufacturers, meanwhile, tend to have investment returns fall below the S&P500 index during the first three years after listing.The green line in the chart shows the cumulative performance of the S&P500 index before and since the first Fed cut this time around.So maybe the S&P500 was falling from an overvalued position. Other things being equal, a further rise of 1 per cent in the risk premium demanded on US equities which would make the rise in the premium commensurate with the rise in the credit premium, would lower the "fair value" of the S&P500 to just under 1000.We should therefore probably not expect to see the S&P500 rally in the way that it has done in the past.
this year, the heat on goldman has reduced, in large part because it shifted to its competitors. under the stewardship of jake siewert, the new pr chief goldman recruited from the us treasury, mr blankfein has begun courting the media for the first time in years. this was a contrast to the shrunken but unapologetic figure that was lambasted at a senate hearing three years ago , when lawmakers accused goldman of profiting from the financial crisis and from "intolerable" conflicts of interest.a department of justice investigation requested by the senate committee has since ended with neither goldman nor any of its employees being charged.
financial stocks in the s&p 500 were down 4.9 per cent after moody's downgraded its credit ratings for bank of america , citigroup and wells_fargo , arguing the government would be less likely to rescue the big lenders if they face failure, following banking reforms.
jpmorgan chase fell more than 5.5 per cent in after-market trading as it reported "significant losses in its synthetic credit portfolio".
a sell-off in bank stocks gathered pace in the morning session, after jpmorgan kicked off the sector's quarterly results season .
a version of windows for smartphones already runs on arm chips, but mr sinofsky continued to resist calls for microsoft to use this to mount an earlier challenge to the ipad.
a batch of poor economic data sparked a mild retreat on wall street yesterday even as jpmorgan chase and wells_fargo reported strong quarterly results, capping off a week marked by otherwise robust gains with losses.
mps set to grill top tax official on goldman deal
microsoft rating downgrade dents tech stocks
but apple may have a hard time fulfilling that demand. but, more recently, the hype has not been enough to keep apple ahead of key competitors in the chinese market and there seem to be genuine shortages now, with the company admitting to a significant order backlog as a result of high demand.
at one stage nokia accused apple of misusing the standardisation process and seeking to impose its own proprietary solution on the industry.
the bank sold five-year bonds with a coupon of 2 per cent, the lowest ever for jpmorgan paper of similar maturity, according to dealogic. the low coupon indicates that investors continue to pile into us bank paper despite a series of industry hiccups and the $5bn derivatives trading loss, known as the "london whale" loss, which has dogged jpmorgan for much of the year.
google has also been criticised by regulators for merging its privacy rules for different online services.under this arrangement, once a user agrees to the privacy rules for one google service, these terms automatically apply to other services.
part of the pitch on apple is its astonishingly low valuation: its trailing price/earnings multiple stands at a remarkably cheap 11 times. here is a less comforting thought: apple is so large it is already such an important part of virtually every equity portfolio that the usual rules of growth and valuation do not apply. apple takes a knock on concerns over demand for the iphone 5
hm revenue & customs has reacted strongly over a leaked memo concerning £4.5bn of tax deals with big business, before a high court hearing today on the legality of a controversial settlement with goldman sachs.
goldman made much of the increase in its fourth-quarter profits through its own portfolio of long-term investments.in the meantime, goldman and jpmorgan are continuing to make money with their own investments: the lines between what, if any, of this activity will be banned and what remains are still to be set by the fed.
when apple launched its ipad device and ibookstore in 2010, amazon controlled nearly 90 per cent of an ebook market in which publishers were increasingly angered by the $9.99 price point the etailer charged for ebooks.the doj alleges that publishers struggled to increase prices on their own and that apple saw the opportunity to gain a foothold in the market by creating a scheme to help.
goldman sachs is facing sharp criticism over its potential profits for arranging a $3bn bond deal for a malaysian government fund before sunday's national elections .
goldman has said that the currency swaps played only a minimal role in greece's financial crisis and that the transactions were in line with european -regulations.
mr hollande had threatened to draft legislation forcing google to pay a share of revenues derived from links to french articles and snippets of stories if it did not reach a deal with publishers. google said the agreement meant it would not have to pay a share of its french revenues. as well as the eur60m fund, google will supply advertising to french newspapers' sites and share revenues from those ads - similar to agreements it has with publishers around the world.
jpmorgan chase and royal bank of scotland have been sued for more than $800m by the us credit union regulator for alleged mis-selling of mortgage-backed securities - the first in an expected series of lawsuits that look to recover "billions" of dollars.
the google proposal was made in response to a call from joaquín almunia, the eu's competition commissioner, for concessions that would address concerns raised in a probe that began nearly three years ago.
aca is now claiming that it was tricked by goldman and paulson into providing insurance on abacus, a $2bn bond deal created at the height of the housing boom."in fact, as goldman sachs and paulson knew, paulson intended to take an enormous short position in abacus" - exactly opposite to aca's position.
even in a recession scenario, jpmorgan expects at most a 6 per cent default rate, about half the rate of previous recessions.
bank_of_america merrill lynch is disposing of its japanese private banking joint venture with mitsubishi ufj financial group, becoming the latest in a string of foreign banks to pull out of high net-worth retail banking in japan.
when hank paulson moved from goldman sachs to the treasury in 2006, his banking past was neither excoriated nor really examined.
microsoft said it was "disappointed with the court's ruling" in spite of the fine being "slightly reduced". while microsoft once revelled in its reputation as antagonist-in-chief of the commission, its relations with brussels have transformed in the years since its 2009 settlement.
the goldman result in the fed's annual measuring of 18 bank balance sheets against the scenario of a deep global recession and market shock was the biggest surprise of the exercise and a potential threat to the company's ability to increase its dividend and share buyback.
almost anyone is now searchable on google or social media sites, and anyone remotely engaged would have a wikipedia entry, which is not unknown to be replete with inaccuracies.
but other venture capitalists (vcs) are counting large profits amid inevitable losses, as they "swing for the fences" in search of the google of renewable energy.
Barron's Magazine recently savaged Mr Miller for his 2006 record, trailing the Morningstar large cap blend category of funds by more than 12 per cent and the S&P500 by more than 13 per cent.
look at a list of the 10 biggest dollar-denominated covered bond deals and one thing stands out: the only us bank present is bank_of_america and it lies at the bottom.
shares in apple gyrated throughout the day before closing down 2.3 per cent at $439.85, following a 12 per cent slump in value on thursday. apple overtook exxon-mobil almost exactly a year ago, having briefly surpassed its market capitalisation in summer 2011.
us stocks had a positive start to september trading despite microsoft falling after news that the maker of windows software would buy nokia's mobile phone division.
jpmorgan disclosed a second investigation, which people familiar with the matter say relates to the bank's alleged failure to pass on proceeds it received in settlement claims it negotiated with loan originators or to disclose the settlements to investors. clayton analysed mortgages for banks including jpmorgan chase, goldman and credit suisse.
microsoft launched the phone 7 operating system seven months ago in an attempt to catch up with features found on the iphone and android- powered smartphones. microsoft has not disclosed how many phone 7 handsets have been sold since its launch, but gartner, the research group, estimates that about 1.6m phone 7 smartphones were shipped in the first quarter. lawyers for microsoft on tuesday began an appeal against the european commission in what looks set to be the final tussle in the antitrust battle in europe which has ensnared the group for more than a decade, writes nikki tait in brussels.
jamie dimon, the chief executive of jpmorgan chase, arrived in washington this week for the first in a gruelling double set of hearings with congress - there to answer how his traders had lost $2bn, writestom braithwaite.
facebook has had missteps in mobile, too.its "super app" for android phones, facebook home, essentially flopped. but with more than 1bn users who are spending more and more time on the site, facebook has shown, at a minimum, that it is a "bedrock" of advertising budgets, with marketers recognising that "they can't not buy from facebook".
apple falls from record high after reports of riots at china plant; wall street
such a rare year-over-year earnings drop would also reflect a shorter fiscal quarter to december this year than in 2011, apple said.apple stock has fallen more than 13 per cent since last month's all-time high of $705.07.
shares in apple gyrated throughout the day before closing down 2.3 per cent at $439.85, following a 12 per cent slump in value on thursday. apple overtook exxon-mobil almost exactly a year ago, having briefly surpassed its market capitalisation in summer 2011.
cftc split on settlement with jpmorgan over london whale
he is expected to testify about other galleon trades in goldman and procter & gamble shares, when the trial resumes today. yesterday, mr gupta's lawyers sought to counter the government's allegations by showing the jury goldman sachs's phone records indicating that adam smith, a galleon portfolio manager, received numerous calls on september 23 from david loeb, a goldman banker, who they have suggested could be a source of information other than mr gupta. goldman chief testifies at gupta insider trading trial
jamie dimon, chief executive of jpmorgan chase, told a congressional hearing yesterday that he was unaware that the bank's chief investment office was accumulating large losses because he had been assured by his top executives that there was only an "isolated, small issue".
apple had asked for just y100m ($1.3m) in damages, a reflection in part of the small compensation awards typically granted by japanese courts.
citigroup was off 1.7 per cent to $33.66 and wells_fargo fell 0.2 per cent to $30.58.
wells_fargo cuts dividend
samsung and apple are locked in about 20 legal disputes in nine countries including the us, south korea, japan and the uk.samsung is an important supplier of parts for apple products but the south korean company is also the biggest maker of smartphones based on google's android platform and is, therefore, apple's biggest competitor in smartphones and tablets.
sir, the self-serving argument by john stumpf, the wells_fargo chief executive, that fannie mae and freddie mac should increase the size of the mortgages they buy is ludicrous ("wells_fargo urges intervention", september 16).
i grew angry with apple for spoiling my nba experience.
part of the problem is that apple faces competition from amazon and google, who sell their $199 tablets at negligible margins, to drive sales of content or search advertising.
hours after apple emblazoned its website in october with pictures of its newly announced iphone 4s, the homepage was changed to a single, sober, black-and-white image of the company's co-founder, accompanied by the words "steve jobs 1955-2011".
lee raymond, the senior independent director at jpmorgan chase, has told shareholders not to risk a "disruptive" vote to strip jamie dimon of his chairmanship in a robust letter ahead of a crucial annual meeting in two weeks.
apple hits fresh high on court ruling and iphone 5 expectations
however, as relations deteriorated and mr dimon's bank faced an onslaught of new regulations that would curb risk-taking and crimp profits, the head of jpmorgan adopted a more defensive posture towards washington.
a us federal judge yesterday approved a $150m settlement between bank_of_america and the securities and exchange commission over disclosure issues related to the acquisition of merrill lynch, bringing closure to a matter that had turned into a public embarrassment for the regulator.
while describing apple as a "phenomenal company filled with talented people creating iconic products", mr einhorn said proposed changes to apple's corporate charter did not comply with securities and exchange commission voting rules and "unnecessarily limits the board's flexibility to distribute preferred stock as a means of unlocking shareholder value".
a group of bond investors plans to challenge an $8.5bn deal that bank_of_america struck last week with other investors to settle mis-selling claims over mortgage-backed securities sold by its countrywide financial unit.
the securities and exchange commission and the financial industry regulatory authority alleged that goldman failed to properly monitor the huddles where goldman equity research analysts shared their best trading ideas with traders and later clients, including hundreds of hedge funds, from 2006 to 2011.
facebook is facing the -prospect of another battle with privacy advocates over its latest policy revisions, with users under the age of 18 being one of the main sources of discord.
"all these factors play into being in power generation more than in the suppliers," said ankur sahu, co-head of private equity in asia at goldman sachs. the additional $135m to be invested by goldman in renew will take its total to $385m invested out of a possible $500m earmarked for the company. goldman has previously invested in the technology side, including an early- stage investment in and exit from suntech power, once the world's largest solar-panel maker by revenues but which has now all but collapsed .
home builder sentiment sank to a record low in october, according to the nahb/ wells_fargo housing market index. financial stocks were weaker again yesterday after mixed results from keycorp, us bancorp and wells_fargo & co. home builder sentiment sank to a record low in october, according to the nahb/ wells_fargo housing market index. financial stocks were weaker again yesterday after mixed results from keycorp, us bancorp and wells_fargo & co. in spite of constant speculation that san francisco-based wells_fargo might look for overseas acquisitions, mr kovacevich has frequently said he has no interest in straying outside the us.
valley focuses on photo app that will rival facebook or be sunk by sleaze
both pnc and wells_fargo are in the midst of acquisitions that may limit the portion of citi they would want to buy.
shares in the company, which were up 0.7 per cent to $702.24, have underperformed the s&p 500 in 2012. credit suisse analysts said: "we believe google shares have essentially traded sideways throughout this year given uncertainty surrounding the evolution of the search business from both a revenue growth and margin standpoint, with the companies limited disclosure around its now multiple business lines further complicating the issue. apple turns sour as google raises pressure with launch of maps app
people at jpmorgan suspect bloomberg reporters used login information to try to determine whether bruno iksil, the -london-based derivatives trader known as the "london whale", had left the bank.
in response to a stinging article on goldman sachs' business practices by greg smith, a departing derivatives salesman at the bank, jamie dimon, chief executive of jpmorgan, late on wednesday emailed the warning to his colleagues on jpmorgan's operating committee.
that question looms large over microsoft - and the career of chief executive steve ballmer - as the world's biggest software company prepares for a second push with the revamped operating system on which it has hung its pc legacy.
goldman lost $118m because of the trades and removed mr taylor from his job. "taylor's activity was flagged by our controls on december 14, 2007 with no impact to customer funds," goldman said in response to the cftc order.
the leaked memo came ahead of a judicial review tomorrow that will scrutinise a "sweetheart deal" struck by the revenue with goldman sachs in which the investment bank settled a long-running dispute with the tax authorities that had mistakenly let goldman off paying between £6m and £20m of interest.
in its claim against gupta, goldman quoted judge rakoff who previously said that "goldman sachs was the victim of gupta's crimes" and that the "heart of gupta's offences .[and] fiduciary duty of confidentiality to goldman sachs".
as probes were confirmed into the $2bn in trading losses disclosed by the bank this month, jpmorgan said it had hired the services of william mclucas, a lawyer at wilmerhale, who, as director of enforcement at the sec between 1989 and 1998, served the longest term as the top policeman on wall street.
jpmorgan chase is nearing a $6bn settlement with institutional investors to resolve claims that it mis-sold mortgage-backed securities, say people familiar with the matter.
jpmorgan chase suspended its share buyback this week to preserve capital in the wake of its $2bn trading losses.
but apple has sustained criticism from other campaign groups such as china labor watch, which said in august that "harsh working conditions" existed throughout apple's supply chain, beyond just foxconn.
i only hope ing will be vetting the children's future questions that flow into its facebook page so as to avoid such devastating enquiries as "why do we need investment bankers? "my second check," alexis carillo, a new herbalife distributor, wrote on her facebook page last month. unease over facebook director's share sale
now that facebook is being held increasingly accountable by federal privacy regulators, critics fear it is seeking to make itself less accountable to its users.
ocwen, a florida-based mortgage servicing group, will also pay $337.4m to retire a portion of debt that litton owes a goldman affiliate and provide litton with $2.47bn in advances.
us authorities are preparing criminal charges against two former jpmorgan chase bankers tied to the multibilliondollar "london whale" trading loss , in what would be the first charges to stem from the investigation, people familiar with the matter say.
the cio, which invests the excess deposits that jpmorgan does not lend, has been overhauled since the incident by a trader nicknamed "the london whale".
some internet users criticised apple yesterday for making its chinese customers "freeze and starve".
goldman sachs has agreed to pay $7m to the us regulator for commodities trading after allegedly failing to supervise properly a broker-dealer that used its clearing platform.
data: facebook should ask, not assume
the federal authorities have seized the contents of the wells_fargo account and also an account with the payments processor dwolla, which many us bitcoin holders use to transfer money to mt gox.
this february, as jpmorgan chase financial traders in london were building a credit derivatives position that would soon cost the bank $2bn, jamie dimon was otherwise occupied.as hard as it is for jpmorgan shareholders to change mr dimon's mind - its annual general meeting passed by quietly on tuesday - they stand no chance at facebook since mr zuckerberg controls most of the voting stock.
it blamed the collapse of its 2008 takeover bid on the intransigence of yahoo co-founder jerry yang, who held out for a higher price even in the face of a microsoft offer that put a big premium on his company.but people close to yahoo have always disputed that and claim that microsoft chief executive steve ballmer walked away when the deal was within his grasp.
the owner of manchester's trafford centre, 20 per cent owned by property tycoon john whittaker, slipped 2.2 per cent to 317.8p after goldman sachs downgraded to "sell".
the other extreme, of forcing some degree of structural separation at the company to reduce the incentives for google to manipulate the "black box" of search in its own favour, would be draconian and guarantee a transatlantic clash. that leaves relatively minor procedural steps and undertakings by google as the most workable outcome - with tough penalties for any transgressions in future.google already does much to help companies design their sites to work better with its search service and in some cases responds directly to complaints. the question will be whether mr almunia feels a package of remedies such as this is enough to limit google's growing power - and whether google itself feels it needs to make any concessions at all to head off what its leaders believe are wholly unwarranted concerns. of course, even if google concedes to a series of relatively unobtrusive remedies - with or without a statement of objectives - this is unlikely to be the end of the matter. other issues are already stacking up in the google case file.these include the rising influence of the android mobile operating system, which has drawn complaints from mobile operators who balk at being forced to accept google services as part of the deal. lost in google translation
bank_of_america said: "we are disappointed with the court's decision, and we continue to believe that our actions were fully supported by well-established new york law and the unambiguous language of the bankruptcy code. bank_of_america and pnc financial services have moved to reduce their stakes in blackrock, unveiling plans to sell 42m shares through a secondary offering of the investment manager's stock.
the move echoes investments microsoft has made in groups that have become thorns in ibm's side.
wells_fargo yesterday joined a string of banks and other blue-chip companies that have slashed their dividends in recent weeks as corporate america takes cover from the global downturn.
goldman "should better identify those funds in which company insiders have significant interests so that shareholders may judge how such interests relate to the overall performance of the company. a goldman spokesman declined to comment.
before formally accusing the group of an infringement, mr almunia has given google "a matter of weeks" to propose changes to the company that will address his antitrust concerns.the demand leaves google at a turning point. the commission has the power to fine google up to 10 per cent of its global revenues and force it to change its behaviour or restructure, without requiring a court order.to address the commission concerns, google would need to make changes to fundamental elements.mr almunia fears google favours its own products in search results, copies information without permission and shuts out advertising rivals.
the sec said it did not see the products disrupting the supply available for immediate delivery and gave the go-ahead to nyse arca, the exchange, to list the jpmorgan etf. jpmorgan said it could not comment until the launch of the copper etf, but in a previous submission to the sec the bank had countered that the product would not consume metal, but merely hold it.
amazon, google and starbucks have operated on this basis in many countries, including britain.terragon employs 25 people, has a client list that includes international brands such as google and a whole raft of local media companies for which he is building mobile news sites. google urges germans to oppose copyright bill
apple has moved much more slowly than other multinational brands to build a distribution and retail network in china and launches most of its products in the country several months after they go on sale in the us.on official launches of apple products, black marketeers snap up most devices and resell them with a hefty mark-up. if imitation is the sincerest form of flattery, then intel and microsoft, the twin powers that long dominated the personal computing world, are bidding to outdo each other in paying apple the ultimate compliment.
but far from approaching them as virgin territory requiring new ideas, as apple did with the iphone, technology companies tend to view them as disputed territory waiting to be colonised.the company that dominated the first era of personal computing has been struggling for a way to take the initiative now that apple has shifted consumers' focus from their desktop computers on to handheld mobile technology.this is a market in which it has been completely outflanked by apple and google, so using the ubiquitous windows to fight back was an obvious move. even apple is not immune. apple talks on music service hit royalty snag
he said: "through the years, we've found a clear correlation between people getting in and being introduced to apple and buying their first apple product, and some percentage of them buying other apple products. ubs estimates that apple could sell 17m iphones through china mobile next year, with more than two-thirds expected to be the 5c.by the time the founder of apple died in 2011, the tech group was the largest company in the world.apple may produce glamorous products but that does not make the company glamorous, and there is no cinematic way to make it so.what steve wozniak - his apple co-founder, and an inventor in the edison mould - considered neat gadgets, jobs reconceptualised as marketable products. "well, sir," the designer explains, "i guess i would say there are still those that believe in what apple stood for, what you stood for . if there was a moment when steve ballmer's legacy as microsoft's chief executive officer was sealed, it came in early 2010, as apple was preparing to unveil the ipad.
the filing adds to complaints by several other companies, including one owned by microsoft and one that is supported by a microsoft-funded lobby group, over what they claim are google's restrictive practices and bias in the advertising and search markets.
for its part, microsoft is still trying to square the circle between pcs and tablets.the return of the familiar "start" button (though not the full start menu it used to launch) is another concession to the fact that microsoft demanded too much of pc users as it tried to impose its own vision of touchscreen computing on them.
the lack of communication between the two companies on the surface contrasts with their collaboration on successive versions of microsoft windows.microsoft hasn't given us a very clear picture," mr kan said.
ubs reported a 3.3 per cent fall in uk pension fund assets last year while goldman registered a decline of 13.2 per cent.
apple shares were hit yesterday after reports that the company had cut orders for parts for the iphone 5 because of weaker demand than anticipated.
although google said the purchase was sparked by the company's need for a large portfolio of patents to defend its android mobile software from legal attack, analysts had worried that google would become distracted by the motorola turnround.
neither the risk nor the potential loss is material to the financial condition of the firm, a spokesman for the investment bank said last week, when it emerged that goldman was behind the trading glitch that upset the wider options market.
in any discussion of apple these days, talk turns inevitably to hardware and software: specifically, how can apple prevent an inexorable erosion of profit margins on the iphone? all of which begs what has become an overriding question for apple as the basis of competition in the mobile world has shifted: what about the services?
the gap since the ipad mini was announced last october has been the longest without new apple products in several years.
it is a decade since goldman sachs' payroll was regularly lower than $2bn a quarter.
the reversal is the first indication of google changing its business practices since the us federal trade commission launched a broad antitrust investigation into the company last month. the internet search company said on thursday that it would no longer carry parts of reviews posted on other local web services on its own google places, which carries information about local businesses.rival services such as yelp, which rely heavily on user-generated reviews and ratings to draw an audience, have complained that google is using the information from their users to give an unfair advantage to its own service.
goldman sachs has hired 350 investment banking summer interns out of 17,000 applications, claiming it has "no problem" attracting talent six years after the financial crisis sparked deep cuts to wall street jobs and bonuses.
financials led gains, with bank_of_america coming back from a 20 per cent drop on monday to gain 16.7 per cent to $7.60.nomura analyst glenn schorr wrote that the "sell-off in bank_of_america seems overdone".
mr zuckerberg made no repeat of the google founders' warning to investors that theirs was a "different kind of company", one that would not pay attention to the usual concerns of the financial markets, such as short-term profits - a stance that contributed to perceptions of arrogance that alienated many potential google investors.
there could hardly be a better moment for google to change its spots.
google and amazon in web name scrum
the fsa said yesterday that mr hannam, chairman of equity capital markets, disclosed inside information about heritage oil, a jpmorgan client that he was advising, in two 2008 letters to a potential buyer of a stake in the group. ian hannam, the london banker dubbed "the king of mining m&a", has resigned from jpmorgan cazenove, vowing to fight a £450,000 fine by the uk financial services authority for market abuse.
both wells_fargo and citi reported a fall in revenue compared with the same quarter last year.
for online retailers such as apple and media groups such as vivendi, which owns emi, the consequences of a market for second-hand digital goods "may be dramatic", says mr ballard. for online retailers such as apple and media groups such as vivendi, which owns emi, the consequences of a market for second-hand digital goods "may be dramatic", says mr ballard. apple slide continues on fears over falling iphone demand; wall street
apple loses its crown to exxon
apple said its internal mac systems were hacked by the same attackers that targeted facebook and twitter last month, in a rare admission of vulnerability from a highly secretive company whose products have long been seen as more resistant to intrusion.
with a few exceptions, the sec alleged, goldman failed to review whether analysts disclosed future ratings changes to clients during the huddles.
many of the largest us banks were under pressure, with wells_fargo off 1.7 per cent to $40.62, jpmorgan chase down 1.6 per cent to $51.83, and citigroup lower by 2 per cent to $48.18.
bank_of_america is blocking all payments intended for wikileaks amid growing speculation the whistle-blowing site will embarrass the finance industry as it has the us government by leaking thousands of private diplomatic cables.
wells_fargo is latest to slash its dividend
options awarded to the senior goldman partners about a decade ago expired yesterday, leading to a rush by the goldman executives to cash in.
payam tamiz was seeking a libel claim against google over the comments, which were posted in april 2011 and removed in august 2011 by the blog owner after a complaint via google.although lord justice richards and lord justice sullivan agreed with the original ruling that google was not a primary or secondary publisher of the content it hosted, they said it was "at least arguable that some point after notification google became liable for continued publication of the material".
the european case was triggered by complaints that google had unfairly penalised some websites by pushing them down the rankings in search results, and abused its dominance of search advertising.
following the merger with bank_of_america in 2008, merrill lynch's principal property investment business was no longer seen as a core activity.
the overhaul seemed set to trigger fresh scrutiny from privacy advocates, some of whom have voiced concern about recent google moves to user personal data gathered in one service to power others.
jpmorgan is in settlement talks with the us securities and exchange commission, department of justice and the fca to resolve civil allegations related to the 2012 trading loss.
bank_of_america said current charge-offs and loans at least 30 days overdue fell slightly in january.bank_of_america was not deeply involved with subprime loans.bank_of_america was not deeply involved with subprime mortgages. but the twin probes of the 2008 bank_of_america merger with merrill lynch appear to have set a benchmark, prompting a judge in charge of one case to complain they were "strikingly different".
google suffered a brief and rare outage on friday when all of its services became inaccessible for one to five minutes, but analysts said the internet search company emerged without a meaningful dent to its revenues or reputation.
further evidence of the deteriorating state of the us economy emerged yesterday as both jpmorgan chase and wells_fargo reported that fourth-quarter earnings had been hit by higher provisions for loan losses in consumer-related businesses.
us authorities are stepping up investigations into the alleged mis-selling of mortgage-backed securities, with new action this week against bank_of_america and jpmorgan chase.
the cumulative loss in output compared with the pre-crisis trend is 12 per cent and widening, goldman sachs estimates.five months later and @gselevator , the anonymous twitter profile that purports to chronicle conversations overheard in goldman sachs' office elevator, has reached more than 128,000 followers.
microsoft has sold more than 400m copies of windows 7 but revenues for this division were down 1 per cent for the quarter and 2 per cent for the full year. peter klein, chief financial officer, told analysts that microsoft expected windows revenues to continue to be affected by weaker developed markets in its new fiscal year. microsoft shares fell more than 1 per cent in extended trading before recovering to be flat at $27.07.its office 2010 product, released in june last year, drove $22.2bn in sales for microsoft business, its biggest division, during the fiscal year, representing 16 per cent growth and 7 per cent for the quarter.
but if google is unwilling to make an early proposal to resolve commission concerns within the next few weeks, mr almunia has made it clear he will serve the us group with formal charges.
goldman said in the filing that its board members had debated the effectiveness of the dual position in their annual assessment of the bank's leadership structure. goldman reports first-quarter earnings next tuesday and is forecast by analysts to post a strong turnround in revenues after a better trading start to the year. goldman will hold its annual meeting next month, when investors will be asked to vote on a number of shareholder-led proposals.
newsweek's print edition has folded and time is cutting jobs, but facebook co-founder chris hughes has endowed the new republic with a cachet other magazines have lost.
minnesota-based us bancorp, and wells_fargo, formed when norwest, minnesota's biggest bank, bought san francisco's wells_fargo and took its name and head office, represent the conservative minnesotan approach to banking. wells_fargo yesterday lost the bragging rights to a top notch triple a rating when moody's downgraded the west coast lender after the completion of its $15bn -takeover of stricken rival wachovia.
google admitted in 2010 that cars working on its street view map service had gathered private information from unsecured wireless networks. however, a report published in april by the us federal communications commission found new -evidence that google had failed to follow up on an email between an employee and his line manager -making them aware that the data were being collected and flagging it as a potential privacy concern.
wells_fargo has amassed such a large share of new and refinanced loans - at times approaching 40 per cent, according to inside mortgage finance, which collates industry data - that it has worried federal reserve officials.
goldman sachs, barclays capital, bank_of_america and credit suisse will bid on the debt, which was acquired by the new york fed as part of the bail-out of aig in 2008. bank_of_america merrill lynch is to lay off a fifth of its 75 managing directors in asia as part of a reshuffle at the troubled us lender, according to people familiar with the matter.
david mayhew, veteran chairman of jpmorgan cazenove, is announcing his retirement just weeks after the 25th anniversary of big bang.a 2004 joint venture with jpmorgan led to the us bank paying £1bn for the 50 per cent of blue-blooded business that it did not own in 2009. elder statesman stays within jpmorgan fold
judges have tried to push apple and samsung to settle the case before a trial, with one australian judge branding the case "ridiculous" and others forcing them to reduce the number of claims against each other. apple accuses its korean rival of infringing patents in the iphone and ipad's industrial design, its "multi-touch" user interface and "trade dress" rights covering its overall appearance. samsung is expected to argue that apple has been freeriding on its intellectual property because it did not license its wireless data transmission patents.its legal team will seek to show that customers are discerning and unlikely to be confused between samsung and apple devices, and point to dozens of examples of what they will argue constitute "prior art" to the ipad, some tablets dating back as far as the 1990s.
jpmorgan stems money fund losses
social networks such as facebook and twitter were born in a wave of optimism about the benefits that would come from giving billions of people free access to each other on the web.this is yet another sign that instagram's owner, facebook - itself an habitual privacy trespasser - has failed to put its users' valid concerns first.but the dominance of companies such as facebook and instagram make it difficult to exert this power. in the wake of friday's shooting - which claimed 27 lives, including 20 children - the nra had gone conspicuously silent, deactivating its facebook page and letting its twitter account run dry even as calls for tighter gun controls grew louder.
jpmorgan chase produced an uninspiring start to the bank earnings' season, reporting flat year-on-year earnings after a torrid summer hit investment banking revenues and offset improvements in the consumer business.
peter klein, chief financial officer, put the sharp rise in expenses down to stronger sales of the xbox console and the kinect game controller, which carry bigger costs, as well as an unexpected shortfall in search advertising following the integration of the microsoft and yahoo advertising systems.
"you will live on through the culture of design that you have created not only at apple, but in the companies and start-ups in the world inspired by it," wrote dave morin, 30, chief executive of path, and a former employee at apple and facebook, on his tumblr blog. temporary public shrines have also been built outside apple stores across the world and jobs' home in palo alto, where mourners placed apples, flowers, photographs and even iphones in his memory.
last year google exploited a loophole on mine and millions of other iphones to allow them to track my private visits to various websites.google settled the us federal trade commission complaint about this for $22.5m.
the company faced additional competitive pressures yesterday from google , which released its own maps application for apple devices amid criticism of the iphone maker's software.
"in the lucrative western markets, where the big advertising spends lie, facebook can no longer rely on an increase in user numbers to increase revenue," said gregory lyons, a researcher at icrossing, a digital marketing agency. facebook now has 600m users accessing the site via a mobile device, compared with 552m in june this year.this leaves plenty of potential users facebook could tap to build to the next 1bn, but the company faces significant cultural, linguistic, and regulatory challenges moving into these countries, especially china.
apple had faced two weeks of attacks in the chinese media from its government-controlled cctv channel and other outlets for being "greedy" and "incomparably arrogant".
meanwhile, attempts to reach him on facebook were unsuccessful.
shares in jpmorgan fell 2 per cent yesterday to $32.96. jpmorgan to spin out 'special investments'
jpmorgan is expected to warn there could be additional smaller losses this year as it completes the unwind.
wells_fargo could yet pay out more in damages, as it has yet to settle with state attorneys-general who are investigating the same issues.
jpmorgan disclosed last month that in may prosecutors in california had "preliminarily concluded that the firm violated certain federal securities laws" when it sold subprime loans packaged into securities. jpmorgan chase's $920m settlement over its trading fiasco marks the first time that a london authority has been at eye's level with its transatlantic counterparts in handing out painful fines, highlighting a much stricter penalty policy, writes daniel schäfer .
the sanction issued by joaquín almunia, the eu's antitrust enforcer, is a serious financial and reputational setback for microsoft that carries a special sting given the whistleblowing role of its arch-rival google.
in an october meeting with eric schmidt, google chairman, president françois hollande threatened to draft legislation forcing google to pay a share of its revenues derived from links to articles if it did not reach a deal to do so with french publishers by year's end.
so it is welcome that companies such as facebook and google are taking a stance on anonymity. despite the indignation of some google plus users at being ejected, google has every right to set its own rules - those who dislike them can go elsewhere. the worst breach to date in the dominant system for securing websites has raised fears that thousands of iranians have had their google e-mail read by government authorities.
after hitting lows in late 2012, the shares recovered in early 2013 to break the $30 level but dipped back as facebook shifted its focus to new products and put less emphasis on advertising.
icap among biggest fallers after goldman downgrade
This week's chart, attached, shows the performance of the S&P500 excluding the financial sector, and also the financial sector itself since the start of 2006.Since last August S&P500 non-financial stocks are down 9 per cent, while financials are down a whopping 30 per cent.This week's chart, attached, shows the performance of the S&P500 excluding the financial sector, and also the financial sector itself since the start of 2006.Since last August S&P500 non-financial stocks are down 9 per cent, while financials are down a whopping 30 per cent.Stocks of nine life insurers among the 11 that listed shares recorded investment returns higher than the S&P500 index.
while facebook has 600m mobile users, whatsapp and wechat are gaining fast with 300m users each, estimates suggest, while google is rumoured to be preparing a chat app of its own to extend its gchat messaging service to smartphones.
"in the lucrative western markets, where the big advertising spends lie, facebook can no longer rely on an increase in user numbers to increase revenue," said gregory lyons, a researcher at icrossing, a digital marketing agency. facebook now has 600m users accessing the site via a mobile device, compared with 552m in june this year.this leaves plenty of potential users facebook could tap to build to the next 1bn, but the company faces significant cultural, linguistic, and regulatory challenges moving into these countries, especially china.
while there is no word yet from apple about a dividend, it would reward share-owning employees and attract mutual funds that only seek dividend paying stocks.
apple reported profits of $7.31bn or $7.79 per share on revenues of $28.57bn, well ahead of analyst expectations of $5.87 a share on sales of $25bn, according to bloomberg data.
the diverging fortunes of main street and wall street in the us were highlighted as a trading slump hit goldman sachs' fourth-quarter results while wells_fargo and us bancorp benefited from the improving fortunes of consumers.
the ibooks author tool which apple launched in january has allowed textbook publishers and educational establishments to sell digital teaching materials to more than 2,500 schools in the us.
goldman to reinvest in indian wind farm; electricity
wells_fargo said net credit losses increased 35 per cent from last year to dollars 892m.
wells_fargo said it was reviewing the lawsuit. new york's case indicates that states may be free to pursue legal action against banks including bofa, jpmorgan and wells_fargo over their use of the mers registry, despite a potential $25bn nationwide settlement that would resolve allegations that the banks illegally seized homes using faulty documentation.
in june, microsoft announced that it would pay $1.2bn in cash for yammer, a four-year-old start-up, while on monday ibm agreed a $1.3bn deal to acquire kenexa, which provides cloud-based software for managing and recruiting staff.
maria miller said the iwf, which is funded by companies including google and bt, "will now have the remit and the resources to take the fight to the criminals perpetrating these vile acts".
goldman sachs has binned a proposal to delay even further deferred bonuses for uk staff so that they would benefit from a cut in the top rate of tax.
rhoda alexander, analyst at ihs isuppli, said that apple had left it late in the year to crack the christmas market. apple at core of wolfson's rally
shares in barnes & noble soared as much as 90 per cent yesterday after it announced a joint venture with microsoft to compete in the digital book market.
that should help goldman retain some profits from the business.
apple sold 9m of its latest iphones over the launch weekend, up from 5m last year and a higher number than analysts had expected, sending its shares 5 per cent higher.
jared cohen, a google executive and co-author with mr schmidt of a book on the future of the internet, raised the spectre of "digital ethnic cleansing" in which ethnic groups are airbrushed out of the online life experienced by a country's wider population.
"when we talk to google or facebook or the others . google changes its anatomy with launch of healthcare venture
 google has launched a healthcare company to attack some of the most difficult scientific problems in diseases related to ageing, marking the biggest step yet beyond its core internet business.
 while outlining a highly ambitious overall goal for the new company, however, google did not disclose any information about how much it would invest in the venture, which areas of healthcare science the spin-off company would specialise in, or what the initiative was likely to lead to in terms of products.
mr levinson is also the chairman of arch-rival apple, as well as a former google director, a role he had to abandon during a us antitrust investigation of overlapping directorships at several silicon valley companies.
most of these have been developed by its google x advanced projects lab under co-founder sergey brin, including driverless car technology and the smart"" glasses it hopes to launch as a consumer product next year."
goldman earned $7.5m in underwriting fees for state business won as a result of the campaign contributions, the sec alleged. goldman settled with the sec and massachusetts attorneygeneral without admitting or denying wrongdoing.
allegations that the revenue reached a "sweetheart" deal with goldman - deliberately waiving the interest due on a bill for national insurance contributions - have sparked widespread anger and calls from protesters for mr hartnett's resignation.
"we believe this investment paves the way for a new type of instrument that enables the public sector to leverage up front funding from the private sector," said lloyd blankfein, goldman chief executive.
this week, paulo bernardo, the communications minister, said brazil's government could spend up to r$1bn (us$640m) a year until 2014 to improve internet services, making the country an attractive destination for google at a time when it is struggling with censorship issues in other emerging markets such as china and russia.
widespread cost-cutting action at many banks also highlights the concern that the slowdown is more than just a blip even though mr viniar said that goldman was "not going to cut our way to prosperity".these were the countries that goldman sachs's jim o'neill singled out in 2001 as being the biggest and fastest-growing emerging economies - and the ones we should all be investing in.
by owning skype outright, microsoft is in a better position to integrate the software tightly with its products, mr ballmer said in an interview with the financial times.
while the agreement with microsoft will initially apply only to baidu services in china, the partnership will also "help baidu expand its presence in the international search market", baidu said in a statement.
apple chief sees biggest market in china
executives at jpmorgan chase will announce a jump in international revenues and increased cross-selling between the commercial and investment banks today in the first investor day since the "london whale" trading debacle.
in february, google launched "enhanced campaigns" , a way for marketers to combine management of mobile and desktop ads from a single dashboard, in what mr page called the "biggest ever change to adwords".he said he expected advertisers' return on investment to improve with the new system as google developed better targeting capabilities, but emphasised that it was a long-term strategy and that he could not predict when those effects would show in results.
But why has the DJI outperformed the S&P500 and Nasdaq?Simply because the DJI has an industrial, old style company focus whereas back in December 1999 tech stocks like Cisco, Intel and Microsoft had high valuations and thus comprised a big part of the S&P500 index and almost all of QQQ.
apple shares closed at $691.28 in new york, a rise of just under 5 per cent since the new iphone was unveiled.
horace dediu, a mobile analyst with asymco, says that the message it gave to employees was likely to have been a key motivation for apple undertaking lengthy legal action against samsung.
it comes from a sweet little girl with ringlets on the ing careers facebook page and is the first in a series to be put by schoolchildren to the bank's aspiring employees.
despite android's popularity, apple can still boast the largest and most vibrant community of independent app developers, with ihs screen digest forecasting that customers will buy $4.9bn worth of apps this year, up from $2.9bn in 2011.
for good measure, the next microsoft ceo could consider topping off the acquisition list with sony (a deal that would bring entertainment to feed its growing array of hardware devices and online channels, leapfrogging apple and google) and twitter. with $10bn in research and development spending a year, microsoft is among the very few tech companies left with an extensive and ambitious research programme.
reports that the top-of-the-range gold iphone 5s would be in short supply, and could not be pre-ordered online, as well as the introduction of a new in-store trade-in programme, drew apple aficionados to its new york and san francisco stores in greater numbers than last year.
citigroup has won the first round in a bitter match with wells_fargo over the takeover of wachovia after a new york court gave it more time for exclusive negotiations with the sixthlargest us bank.
but analysts say that new hardware and software expected from apple will help drive future earnings.
robust iphone launch sales push apple higher; wall street
yet it appears that google maps was approved by apple without delay.
venkatesan was just this sort of country manager at microsoft india and cummins india, the engine maker, so his views are pertinent.
still analysts have forecast that apple will sell at least 6m iphones this weekend, exceeding 2012's 5m , when the iphone 5 went on sale in fewer countries than this year.
pension funds and other big us groups invested $65bn in the first six months of this year, the highest in 36 years over that period, according to research compiled by goldman sachs' european strategy team from us treasury data.
as we pointed out here this month, before news leaked that michael dell is attempting to lead a buyout of the company he founded, the pc universe has become a solid if dull place for widows and orphans to park their cash : both microsoft and intel offer dividend yields that are more than twice the level of us treasuries.
wells_fargo and jpmorgan chase, which are to receive $25bn each in government funds, said they earned $1.64bn and $527m, respectively, during the period, while state street, which is to receive $2bn in federal money, put its net profit at $477m.
google has revived its stuttering effort to conquer the living room with a new version of google tv, the service that mixes the internet with television.
facebook shares recorded their largest gains as a public company yesterday as investors snapped up stock in the social network site after it reported better than expected net revenues in its quarterly results.
wells_fargo , which reported estimate-beating profit, boosted by increased home lending, was flat at $33.81.
set against a 50 per cent rise in "likes" and comments from the company's adjustments to the algorithm last year, he said facebook could now do even more to better target those ads and even introduce new media formats, such as video.
"bond investors always worry about shareholder friendly activities, but apple has lots of cash flow, a strong balance sheet and high margins. apple is selling debt for the first time since the 1990s to finance a $100bn return of cash to shareholders over the next three years. apple stands apart in many ways, notably with its cash pile of $145bn.issuing bonds helps apple avoid a large tax bill, and take advantage of tax-deductible interest payments.
 what apple is doing is saving cash instead of getting hit by heavy taxes if they decide to repatriate the money,"" says paul hickey, co-founder of the bespoke investment group."
facebook trialled retargeting last summer, shortly after its tumultuous initial public offering led it to redouble efforts to boost its advertising revenue.the newsfeed accounts for about 40 per cent of facebook users' attention and adverts placed there are estimated to be eight times more effective than those on the side of the page.
the internet company had already set its sights on this as a key part of its efforts to generate more revenue but had made little headway, leaving it to microsoft to prove that a disruptive service that has succeeded by being free can also form the basis for a sound business.
for bank_of_america and brian moynihan, the figure looms as a giant scoreboard with digits rising interminably.
while hon hai and apple rarely comment on their financial relationship, apple said it would compensate the taiwanese group for the higher wages it had agreed to pay, following an audit by labour rights groups last year.
microsoft closed up 2.2 per cent to $25.89.
a strong rally in bank_of_america helped wall street record a second day of gains.
goldman acquired metro in 2010 as the metals storage industry underwent a boom thanks to the build-up in inventories in the wake of the financial crisis.
goldman had resolved the claims without admitting or denying wrongdoing, the cftc said.
barnes & noble shares surged almost 22 per cent yesterday after reports that microsoft was looking to acquire the digital assets of nook media, its joint venture with the us bookseller.
microsoft factors the future into its dell-iberations
facebook said it hoped its feature would help e-commerce companies lower the number of purchases that are abandoned when a person does not want to go through the hassle of entering a credit-card number into their phone.
dove said that it was working with facebook to have the offensive content removed and to "refine our targeting . in the first three months of this year, facebook generated revenues of $1.46bn , a 38 per cent rise over the same period a year ago, as it rolled out new tools allowing advertisers to target individual users.
the company's sale from nordic capital to cinven and goldman sachs for about eur1.4bn in late 2005 was one of the largest private equity deals in sweden at the time.
google uk reported pre-tax profits of £36.8m in 2012 on turnover of £506m, compared with a pre-tax loss of £20.7m on turnover of £395.8m a year earlier.
that, and pressure to reduce costs, has helped spur banks, including goldman and ubs, to create electronic bond trading platforms.
the setback stands in contrast to the triumphant tone struck by jpmorgan chase and wells_fargo as they announced plans to return more capital to investors. the setback threatens to stall any momentum bofa executives enjoyed after the bank's all-day meeting with investors earlier this month, and stands in stark contrast to the triumphant tone struck by jpmorgan chase and wells_fargo as they unveiled plans to return more capital to shareholders.
in a sign of the hurried nature of the deal, goldman bought the bonds first, then asked standard & poor's to provide a rating. goldman also arranged a 15-year $800m bond for the resource-rich malaysian state of sarawak, which has prompted similar questions about pricing and proceeds.
a string of high-profile executives and key staff have left facebook since the ipo six months ago. facebook fights for silicon valley talent; salaries even for recent graduates now top six figures as start-ups reignite the skills war, says april dembosky
but the gains from facebook and qualcomm helped make nasdaq the best performing major index on the day, up 0.7 per cent at 3,605,19.
gerald granovsky, an analyst at moody's says: "microsoft's ratings reflect our confidence in the company's revenue stream and also the fact their customers have very little option but to buy microsoft products. while microsoft sold $1bn of 10-year debt at 70 basis points over treasury yields, apple's $5.5bn issue arrived at 75 bps over benchmark government debt. the islamic development bank, abu dhabi's crown prince and prince alwaleed bin talal of saudi arabia have joined western governments and bill gates, the microsoft founder, in a drive to raise $5.5bn to end an international public health blight that has clung on stubbornly for decades.
bank_of_america is in talks to settle a multibillion-dollar claim from fannie mae, the government-backed mortgage company, in a bid to solve one of the lingering issues weighing on the bank.
so far, he has won a solid following on wall street for his efforts to outrun giant rivals such as microsoft and oracle into new areas of cloud computing. 1986 hired by microsoft
apple is expected to launch new iphones, including an upgrade to its latest model and a new line of cheaper devices, before the end of the year, alongside the release of ios 7, billed as the most radical change to its mobile operating system since the smartphone first launched in 2007.
oaktree capital, the buyout group, has started talks with banks, including goldman sachs, about launching an initial public offering for countrywide, the estate agency that runs 46 high street brands and sells one in 11 of all uk homes.
consider if you went into an apple store and, even if it's just an accessory to the phone you already own and it is just $79 or $99?in the first quarter of 2013, apple had just 9 per cent of the world's phone sales and only 18.2 per cent of its smart phone market, but the company has historically changed any category it joins.
liberum capital, the broker, estimates 30 per cent of imagination's £128m annual revenues are attributable to apple products.
they have facebook and google envy."a year ago we were a facebook group of a few hundred unhappy people. doyle is renowned for his pitchperfect dialogue, so the conversation between the two men wanders naturalistically between a discussion of facebook ("it's like a club but yeh have your own room, for the people yeh want to meet.it comes as vice, which specialises in youth culture and operates some of youtube's most popular channels, has agreed content-distribution partnerships with companies that include facebook and twitter.
although he told mr isaacson that the new apple chief executive tim cook was "not a product guy, per se", he expressed confidence in mr cook's quiet leadership and the team of talented executives under him.
old tech appeared to dominate new as ibm , up 5.2 per cent to $188.52, and microsoft , up 5.2 per cent to $29.71, outperformed google , which slid 8.4 per cent yesterday to $585.99.
for the year, wells_fargo said it earned a record dollars 8.48bn, up 11 per cent from dollars 7.67bn in 2005.
business computers are selling faster and up 5 per cent in the quarter, as consumer pcs were flat, microsoft said, with total shipments rising between 1 and 3 per cent.
goldman sachs asset management says it will "hugely" benefit from ucits iv's streamlined notification procedures as the firm tries to meet its ambitious growth targets.
a spin-off has been mooted ever since jpmorgan merged with bank one in 2004, the deal that ultimately brought mr dimon to the helm of the biggest bank in the us.
apple has claimed the shape of samsung's galaxy tab, its user interface and even its packaging copy from the ipad, the first and the most successful of the new generation of keyboard-free computers. apple threat, page 13
overall, us debt issuance is set for a strong week, with a host of companies, including duke energy and general motors financial, joining jpmorgan to sell more than $5bn in debt yesterday.
google does not, he insists, hope to tie its employees to the office by offering three free meals a day."at google we emphasise work-life balance and don't want people here all the time. google translate perhaps the best known translation app is google translate (available for iphone and android devices), which started out as a smartphone version of the company's browser offering but has since become a lot more useful. other functions include the ability to take a picture of a chinese menu, through google goggles and have your phone perform character recognition and then translate it for you.
apple has made several applications to trademark the brand "iwatch", fuelling speculation that the iphone maker could soon launch its first new category of product since tim cook took the helm.
mail.ru was spun out from digital sky technologies, an investment firm led by yuri milner, who spearheaded the 2009 investment in facebook that yielded a 2 per cent stake in the company .
jpmorgan chase announced yesterday it would buy back up to $15bn of its shares and increase its dividend by 5 cents to 30 cents a share this quarter. shares in jpmorgan jumped 7 per cent to $43.39 after it announced late in the trading day that it would raise its dividend by 20 per cent to $0.30 and undertake a $15bn buyback programme that is seen as being the first in a series for the financial sector.
facebook is expanding its offering of mobile app advertisements as the social network looks to exploit its new-found momentum in mobile advertising .
S&P500 retakes 4-year high
analysts say those strong numbers show that a variety of ad products that facebook introduced over the past year are starting to pay off.
neal mohan, google 's vice-president for display advertising products, believes that many billions of dollars worth of ads will be bought using automated "real-time bidding" technology that will transform how media agencies operate.
competition between groups such as acer, dell and lenovo drove down prices for consumers and helped spread the use of microsoft software.
With the price-earnings ratio on the S&P500 at around 18 times it is trading at its cheapest level against both bonds and earnings for more than a decade.After three years of poor relative performance -" the S&P500 is still up 47 per cent over the past three years, I believe that the current economic climate, corporate strength and attractive valuations mean this is a market that should not be ignored when constructing a well-balanced equity portfolio.
goldman sees solid earnings as quarterly revenues recover; wall street
meanwhile, regulatory developments this week helped give wells_fargo greater clarity on whether a deal with wachovia could meet its targeted 15 per cent internal rate of return.
in its place, google has been left to infer intent, using all the technological tricks at its disposal.google is now as well-placed as any to try again - and with the rise of mobile, it has an urgent need.
goldman stock awards beat fiscal deal deadline
besides defending its existing business, microsoft hopes that the move online will boost revenues as it takes on more of its customers' computing operations rather than simply selling them software.
despite its lazy balance sheet, google earns an eye-popping 20 per cent cash return on invested capital, for instance.google added eight times more advertising revenue in its latest quarter than facebook did, nomura estimates. sir, your analysis of wpp's results ("wpp boosts ad spending with google to $2 billion", august 31) somewhat glossed over the significant move of the company back to uk shores. google searches, it turns out, might hold the key to how much the european central bank can spend on the bonds of troubled eurozone countries.
but deal should see wells_fargo emerging from the financial crisis as one of the winners, writes suzanne kapner
wells_fargo is holding seminars to teach real estate brokers how to conduct short sales.wells_fargo is holding seminars to teach real-estate brokers how to conduct short sales. a raft of lenders including bank of america, wells_fargo and us bancorp reported first-quarter results that revealed they were seeing signs of a turn in the credit cycle thanks to an economic recovery fuelled by huge government stimulus.
iam cycling through central london, and google is talking to me.google calls it "seamless discovery".
this week in california, microsoft showed off a test version of windows that has been designed with touch-sensitive screens in mind. not surprisingly, given its pc heritage, what microsoft has come up with is . however, with appropriate allowances for the bugs and lack of functionality you would expect in an early prototype, microsoft has done a surprisingly good job so far of re-imagining the tablet as a pc.
microsoft also launched the first piece of computing hardware to which it has put its name: the surface , a tablet with a detachable keyboard designed to show off its versatility as a pc stand-in.
the app was spawned from google's niantic labs - an "internal start- up", led by john hanke, the former head of geo (covering google maps and google earth). perhaps more importantly than its practical benefit as a travel guide, field trip is a temperature-tester for two rather existential issues that google has been chewing over: do humans have an appetite for their world being digitally annotated?spearheaded by google co-founder sergey brin, the device was first demonstrated at the company's annual developer conference last year. google advances strongly as advertising revenues stabilise
apple has done it again," they told clients.
large us banks such as citigroup, bank of america and wells_fargo stand to receive a surprise first-quarter earnings boost from today's expected loosening of controversial accounting rules by the financial accounting standards board.
for now, it appears traders are prepared to give apple a pass as they weigh its attractive valuation and prospects of a late-year surge in sales.
google typically only uses its famously sparse home page to promote services that it considers strategically important to its wider business, such as the chrome browser and nexus smartphone, which runs its android operating system.the advertising tactic was also a sign that google was not about to retreat from the daily deals market as facebook had, he said.
the hedge fund, owned by jpmorgan asset management, has closed the books on a new $3bn fund that will provide secured loans directly to companies.
greenlight called the ruling "a significant win for all apple shareholders and for good corporate governance".
it is used by 100m people, or more than double the number when facebook bought instagram in april in a cash-and-stock deal worth about $730m.
if you search google books' ngram viewer you can see the history of "decluttering" in a graph. highlight: two google executives offer an upbeat view of the internet's power to shape our future.written by google chairman eric schmidt and jared cohen , head of the search company's in-house think-tank, it lays out a mainly optimistic case for why the world's tyrants should tremble in the face of universal internet access.
wells_fargo of california passed citigroup to become the third-biggest us bank by market value yesterday after it shares rose nearly 33 per cent on better-than-expected second-quarter results and an increase in its dividend.
both mr almunia and google are keen to reach a speedy deal and avoid a decade of wrangling through the courts.
with the exception of only one previous quarter, goldman has racked up profits at each earnings announcement since its initial public offering 12 years ago.goldman prides itself on understanding the global economy; it cannot cope with violent market swings that have been generated by pronouncements by german politicians.
three men in their 40s are now the clear favourites to succeed jamie dimon as head of jpmorgan chase after a significant reshuffle of executives.
the attractiveness of a spot on the main news feed has allowed facebook to avoid replacing its digital dollars with mobile pennies - in the us, average mobile ad rates are about a third that of desktop digital ads , but facebook has managed to keep its ad prices up.
some are said to be concerned that the bank is too big and too complex even for an operator as skilled as the jpmorgan boss.however it may also be that jpmorgan was just lucky. dimon to keep jpmorgan roles
overall profit reached $5.74bn, or 68 cents a share, the first time in more than a year that microsoft had not beaten the average wall street estimate.
the jpmorgan duo's calm demeanour also sets them apart from their boss, jamie dimon, whose penchant for combative phrases, coupled with relative success at the helm of the group, has made him one of the best-known bankers in the world.
apple has invested billions of dollars in its asian supply chain in the past year as it prepared to launch new iphones, ipads and macs.
facebook users will soon be able to send remittances directly to friends almost anywhere in the world via the social networking website, through a new online app developed by a uk start-up company.
jpmorgan asset management told clients recently it had seen a 40 per cent rise in requests for proposals in the equity space in the first five months of this year, with many of these rfps looking to replace managers on existing mandates rather than creating new -mandates.
apple shares rose by more than 5 per cent to $397.20 in extended trading in new york, despite the company suggesting that the fourth-quarter outlook would be weaker than had previously been expected.
now that facebook is a public company that recently surpassed the 4,000-employee mark, it has arguably moved into the category of larger, older companies from which engineers often decamp, in favour of smaller ventures with new exciting challenges, and more favourable equity packages.
pearson is investing $89.5m for a 5 per cent stake in nook media, the joint venture between barnes & noble and microsoft that runs the us retailer's nook ereader division, its ebook store and its 674 college bookstores.
viviane reding, eu commissioner for justice, told the financial times that the eu was determined to respond decisively to any attempts by us lobbyists - many working for large tech groups such as google and facebook - to curb the eu data protection law.
google also agreed to support financially a project to promote reading among children. french authors and publishers sued google in 2006 for copyright violations, accusing it of "pirating other people's books", when the search engine scanned out-of-print books held in us libraries that were still in copyright.
apple sold bonds totalling $17bn yesterday, the world's largest corporate debt sale, as the iphone maker raised capital to finance a $100bn cash return to shareholders.
apple cash stash ripe for spending; technology hardware
microsoft has limited its work with kinect so far to building the technology into its game console, but believes it will eventually have a far wider impact, mr kipman said. adding to its arsenal of technologies to support a more natural human interface, microsoft last week bought canesta, a private company based in silicon valley which has developed a chip that senses objects in 3d.the 44 patents claimed by canesta will add to what mr kipman described as "several hundred" microsoft patents already supporting kinect.
in a column last week i compared google to general electric in the late 19th century - an innovative industrial enterprise riding a wave of new technology. the ability of computers to learn in a similar manner to humans is known as "deep learning" and it is notable that google has hired several pioneers in the field, including the scientist and author ray kurzweil. if i search on an android phone for "taj mahal" while standing in india, for example, google will prioritise results for the shrine in uttar pradesh. google maps out a $1bn deal for traffic app waze; software
the purchase robs rivals such as apple and facebook of the chance to buy a service that would have boosted efforts to catch up with google in internet maps, while giving google a badly needed leg-up in the field of services with a strong social component, according to industry and financial analysts.
it commissioned a study from nielsen, released this week, showing facebook attracted more people in the coveted 18 to 24 age group between 8pm and 11pm on weeknights than any of the four major tv networks.
the only worm in the apple is the fact that growth like this cannot go on forever, and margins like this must be competed away. apple has brushed aside concerns that it could soon reach the limits of its soaring growth, with news yesterday that huge international sales of the iphone had enabled its latest financial results to once again top even the most optimistic wall street forecasts.
jpmorgan estimated in a february investor presentation that it could initially reap $300m-$500m in revenues from the collateral management business.
"we have been in discussions with bank_of_america for three years on raising third-party capital, thinking it would be healthy to have a more diversified limited partner base," said travis hain, partner at ridgemont equity partners.
bank_of_america yesterday reported a first-quarter profit driven by surging investment banking revenue that helped offset continued weakness in its core lending business, and said that it saw signs of an improving economy.
goldman sachs is among the banks leading that listing .
set against a 50 per cent increase in likes and comments from the company's adjustments to the algorithm last year, he said facebook can now do even more to better target those ads, and even introduce new media formats, like video.
people familiar with the bank's decision said the changes were meant to ease the pressures on entrants to the programme, who have traditionally worked at goldman for two years and then gone on to do mbas before returning to the bank.
add in instagram, the photo sharing service facebook acquired last year, and that -figure grows to 25 per cent.
jpmorgan chase is launching a full prime brokerage service for hedge fund clients in europe, three years after acquiring bear stearns' us business at the start of the financial crisis.
led by facebook and twitter, and joined by behemoths such as google and a bevy of start-ups, these silicon valley misfits have muscled into the ad business and upended traditional assumptions about how companies should allocate marketing budgets.
the idea that apple will soon come out with a watch that puts the iphone on the wrist has been floated at conferences, in industry reports from banks, on blogs and on chat boards.
nevertheless, i think google and motorola are on to something big with this device. the google co-founder agreed with prof post that the world needed a new way to produce meat that was less demanding on resources than traditional agriculture.
but to ensure that apple would be competitive with other retailers, mr cue said apple introduced the "most favoured nation" clause to contracts, where it would be able to match the ebook prices with other retailers.
apple achieves cult status with ipad 2 in china
searches of financial terms on google can be used to predict the direction of the stock market , according to an analysis of search engine behaviour stretching back nearly a decade.
bank_of_america points out that in the first six months of this year, non-core earnings contributed more than half of the rmb65bn in annual gains in pre-tax profits of companies listed in shanghai. bank_of_america merrill lynch has launched the $1.5bn sale of its final 1 per cent stake in china construction bank, ending an investment that bolstered the us lender during the financial crisis and has brought it almost $15bn in trading profits.
other announcements that would create excitement are rumoured to include a new non-google map app, improvements to and wider availability of siri voice recognition software, facebook integration, the opening of apple tv to app developers and a new line of macbooks with higher resolution screens.
by including more personal and social information in its results, the new feature also takes google a step closer to achieving a long-held dream. known as search, plus your world, the move marks the most direct attempt yet by google to use its core service to help it make up lost ground in social networking.
not that the motorola deal, seen through the microsoft lens, has been all good news.if, as google claims, motorola's patents will protect android hardware makers from some of the lawsuits besetting the technology, then microsoft - which is pressing for sizeable licensing fees from these companies, and may benefit from the wider legal uncertainty around the operating system - could lose out.microsoft is still a year or so away from seeing windows 8 devices actually hit the market.in its attempts to rival the long battery life and other features of today's most advanced hardware, microsoft has for the first time created an option for running windows on chips made to designs from the uk's arm. it is a new start, and one that will force microsoft to step out from behind its traditional barricades and show it really can lead again.
but there are also those who argue that there is a bigger transformation happening, of which google is at the leading edge.she likens google ideas to a government policy unit where the goal is to assemble a group of "out of the box" thinkers to examine issues and then work with other departments to deploy solutions. google ideas is part of a bigger collaboration between cohen and schmidt. cohen's model for google ideas calls for it to bring together the public sector, the private sector, academia and society at large to share ideas and brainstorm solutions. violent extremism will continue as one of google ideas' "focus areas", but it has already begun work elsewhere. schmidt has a slightly more restrained vision than cohen when it comes to predicting the future for google ideas.that adds risk for google by increasing expectations.but google likes to take on these risks because, although not all of them work, there's a potential. then again, if you listen to schmidt discuss it, you can also get a sense that google ideas may ultimately be another product being deployed by a company used to seeding ideas and walking away if they do not take off."this has not been done before, it's new and we at google like reproducible results," schmidt told me.google talk? circles can therefore be similar to and perhaps supplant, in my case, facebook's newsfeed, twitter's lists of expert sources, quora's answers service and linkedin's professional groups and connections - in the latter case, people seem to be paying more at-tention to updating their google profiles with cvs and other information, now that this formerly obscure google feature is attached to the new service.
nissan said it would resume advertising on facebook following the announcement.data are also coming in new forms such as facebook likes or youtube posts.
wells_fargo also said regulators were investigating whether it violated fair lending laws related to mortgage origination. wells_fargo plans to increase the size of its wealth management and insurance divisions through acquisitions as well as buying more assets from shrinking european banks, its chief executive says.
to follow up on his warning, mr ozzie focused most of his attention on the "back end" of cloud computing - the software, running in large data centres, that could knit together the fragmented, pc-centric world that microsoft had helped to create.
carolina milanesi, a mobiles analyst at gartner, said in ios 7, apple has made something distinctive and different when compared to google's android software, but familiar and intuitive enough that it will not confuse customers.
in late 1999, dragon systems, a privately held pioneer in speech recognition technology, hired goldman sachs to process its sale.goldman earned $5m for a few months' work. the trial record is laced with goldman's shortcomings : the eldest of the four member goldman team was 31 (helping explain why wall street's leading franchise would deign to accept the piddling dragon mandate at the height of the m&a boom).any misgivings goldman had about those prospects, they did not forcefully broach.
authentec's technology has been used in tens of millions of devices, including phones from apple rivals such as samsung, motorola and nokia.
google has launched a healthcare company to attack some of the most difficult scientific problems in diseases related to ageing, marking the biggest step yet beyond its core internet business.
after first launching on kindle fire in december, san francisco developer toca boca, which has sold $3 apps for children on the iphone and ipad since 2011, made its debut on google play last week with toca hair salon 2.third, the data may be heavily interconnected - in principle google could have your email, your android phone location, knowledge of who is your friend on the google plus social network, and your online search history.analyses of tweets, of google searches for unemployment benefit or motor insurance, or of trackers of trucks in germany, have been used ad hoc to understand how the economy is doing, and they seem to work well enough. google backs $12m solar power project in africa; electricity
while google's android operating system is already widely used on smartphones made by companies including samsung and htc, owning its own handset manufacturing company is expected to give google a deeper insight into how mobile customers behave.
the written opinion is a fuller explanation of a three-sentence ruling made in february, when the court reversed the conviction of sergey aleynikov , a former goldman programmer, and freed him from prison.
the number of "paid clicks" during the quarter, or clicks on advertisements for which google charges a fee, surged by 42 per cent from a year before, marking an acceleration from the first three months of this year.
jpmorgan commodity unit draws big interest; general financial
while both the iphone and google's android devices carry skype, microsoft believes it can achieve a far greater integration and ease of use by owning the software outright.
apple had previewed the improvements in its ios 6 operating system and apps.
jpmorgan commodity unit draws big interest; banks
goldman analysts said disruptions could continue to support brent at about $115 a barrel in the short term and forecast brent will average $110 a barrel over the next three months, up from its previous forecast of $105 a barrel.
goldman does not split out earnings from corporate bond trading, though it publishes revenue for its fixed income, currency and commodities unit, or ficc, historically one of its biggest profit centres.
the ante is further upped by the evolution of new technologies, such as mobile development , which companies like facebook must compete in, but for which the talent pool of engineers with those new, emerging skills is even more limited.facebook is racing to hire people with skills in mobile technology, mobile advertising, monetisation and ad targeting - and it is willing to poach and pay to get them.
goldman paid lloyd blankfein $21m for his work in 2012 - an increase of 75 per cent on 2011.the raise made the goldman chairman and chief executive the best-paid ceo of any leading wall street bank, after jpmorgan's jamie dimon had his bonus halved over failings related to the london 'whale' trading losses.
goldman sachs asset management, a unit of the wall street bank, has agreed to buy dwight asset management for an undisclosed sum.the acquisition should help goldman tap into the billions of dollars currently locked up in stable value funds.
a boutique merchant bank backed by eric schmidt, google executive chairman, has struck a deal with a chinese state-owned fund to work together on media, sport and entertainment acquisitions.
azimo, a money-transfer service in london, will launch the app today, enabling people to transfer funds to fellow facebook users in more than 100 countries.
and jpmorgan is one of the better banks. jpmorgan takes shine off s&p
apple countered concerns that the best years of smartphone growth were behind it, as iphone sales beat expectations, despite a sharp drop in third-quarter earnings.
that would give the shares a value of about £77.50 each, 15 times the last traded price, putting goldman and other shareholders in line for a large windfall.
goldman has been quietly beefing up its us commercial banking unit , which contains the "private bank" that lends to its wealthy clients and corporate customers, as it seeks more stable sources of revenues in the face of new regulation expected to crimp traditional trading activities.
google to unveil new search facility
mr pierce testified that goldman contacted 10 institutional investors at 4.45pm, after the market closed but before the deal was announced at 5.49pm.he suggested that numerous people at goldman worked on the transaction and showed a chart indicating that goldman shares rose more than $6 in the final 14 minutes of trading.
goldman sachs said yesterday that it is beefing up its asset management business - part of a strategy to tap into the retirement savings of an wave of ageing baby boomers.
leaving the board also frees mr breyer to sell more of his facebook stock, as he will no longer be subject to restrictions that prevent directors from trading shares.
A slightly weaker than expected GDP figure for the second quarter (growth of 2.5 per cent, down from the breakneck 5.6 per cent pace in the first quarter) helped to rally the S&P500 index from its July lows on speculation that the Federal Reserve may have reached the end of its long period of interest rate increases.
investment in renewable energy such as wind farms could put pressure on sse's credit rating, said jpmorgan cazenove. jpmorgan forecast sse's net debt to have risen 12 per cent to £6.62bn, or 3.6 times operating earnings, when it posts full-year results this month.
the last time apple suffered a fall in sales was more than a decade ago.apple eked out revenue growth of less than 1 per cent in its latest quarter, a performance that officially brings an end to the years of breakneck growth.
sales of the office productivity suite also benefited, lifting revenues from the microsoft business division by 9 per cent to $5.8bn.
goldman sachs said it had revised its forecast for gross domestic product growth to 3.5 per cent this year from 3.7 per cent.
mountain lion extends the apple family's links
the first annual release is set for 2013, say people familiar with its plans - possibly less than a year after last month's launch of windows 8, a milestone product designed to put microsoft squarely in the touchscreen computing market.
google finally wins ebooks court battle - but amazon is still on top
record apple price helps boost nasdaq as it hits 11-year highs
nearly two years ago to the day, bank_of_america announced it had resolved "substantial legacy issues" with respect to countrywide financial home mortgages it sold on to groups including fannie mae.
i saw steve jobs on the subway, wrote a user on weiphone.com, an online apple fan forum, on may 6. the vision is a telling sign of the cult status apple has achieved in china, already the world's largest handset market and set to become the world's largest pc market this year.
that sets it apart from other tablets, most of which have tried - and failed - to match the high-end ipad in looks and capabilities while lacking the tremendous economies of scale that apple has benefited from as the first-mover in the tablet market.
google will not have to remove personal data that appears in its search results , an adviser to the eu's top court said yesterday, in an opinion that is likely to save the us group from a wave of lawsuits demanding the removal of embarrassing content.
large us banks such as citigroup, bank of america and wells_fargo stand to receive a surprise first quarter earnings boost from today's expected loosening of controversial accounting rules by the financial accounting standards board.
"it's about making microsoft relevant in this market again," says carolina milanesi, an analyst at gartner.by writing applications to run on windows, they have drawn users, creating a virtuous circle that helped microsoft overcome apple in the first stage of the pc revolution.
goldman awarded those employees' inflated two-year salary increases at the time to allay their concerns over cash flow, as several senior uk politicians proposed draconian limits on bonuses, those people said.
mr trott met the same three goldman executives and two others at 12.30pm following previously arranged meetings.they then spoke and agreed to the terms and sought goldman board approval that day.
wells_fargo and jpmorgan chase, which are to receive $25bn each in government funds, said they earned $1.64bn and $527m, respectively, during the period, while state street, which is to receive $2bn in federal money, put its net profit at $477m.
in many cases, a message about the gift is sent to people's networks on facebook to create more buzz for the retailer and, they hope, lead to more purchases.
unlike its rivals, wells_fargo has not halted foreclosures, saying it had no problems with its procedures.
google responded using its official google+ account to say it was "surprised by twitter's comments about search plus your world, because they chose not to renew their agreement with us last summer".
facebook rose sharply after the opening bell as the social network announced earnings that have renewed investor faith in the its ability to operate in the mobile advertising market.
investors responded yesterday by sending facebook stock up 19.13 per cent to $23.23, still far from its initial public offering price of $38. the fact that facebook had good numbers to match the new tone was critical. facebook sees signs of success in mobile advertising push
goldman sachs was subpoenaed by manhattan prosecutors seeking details on its conduct during the financial crisis, opening a fresh legal front for a bank facing probes from federal and state officials, people familiar with the matter said.
goldman sachs, which coined the term commodities "supercycle" for the rapid rise in resource prices in the last decade, has called a shift in the investment cycle to a "more stable long-term price environment".
facebook rose 8.1 per cent to $25.94 as analysts at bernstein research said that the market was underestimating the company's potential revenue growth for the next two years, which would be driven by its mobile business.
"we are expecting wells_fargo to maintain earnings in what should be a tough margin quarter but a strong mortgage quarter," analysts at kbw said. "the fiscal cliff issue could have weighed on commercial loan originations, so if wells_fargo meets our forecasts, that should be viewed as a positive," they added.
in one huddle, a goldman analyst said he intended to turn more positive on his sector.four days later, goldman upgraded a stock in the sector.the latest manifestation is the imminent $20bn stock market listing of btg pactual, the brazilian investment bank that wants to be, of all things, a "tropical goldman sachs". tides of change wash over goldman
"we believe this additional capacity offering by apple addresses the pc and tablet market's continued convergence to convertible tablet-and-notebook offerings," aaron rakers, analyst at stifel, said yesterday.
mr gates was renowned inside microsoft for personal review sessions with individual groups of developers where his intellectual prowess and force of character were on display.
ten years after apple launched the ipod, the company's latest edition of the mp3 player has been synced with better software and prices.meanwhile, two start-ups populated by apple alumni are trying to bring a touch of their alma mater's stylish approach to the humble thermostat and the art of time keeping.
highlight: loans lift jpmorgan and wells_fargo
since then, apple shares have rebounded more than 27 per cent. carl icahn, the veteran activist investor, has taken a "large position" in apple and is pushing for a further return of cash to shareholders, a move that threatens to reopen the debate about the iphone maker's vast cash holdings just months after it saw off another shareholder challenge.
apple has launched its most important product since the death of co-founder steve jobs with the unveiling of a thinner, faster, lighter iphone that the tech group hopes will trigger a new wave of sales as demand for its predecessor flags.
apple sold more than 2m units of its new iphone 5 in its first weekend on sale in china, a record for the company's smartphone in potentially its biggest market, writes chris nuttall in san francisco .
google ad sales strong, page 17
according to people familiar with plans for the day, jpmorgan is also expected to describe how global corporate bankers have tripled to 300 since 2009 and revenues related to that expansion have increased by $2bn as a result.
Gains, however, in the shares of raw materials producers such as US Steel and Nucor were enough to see the Dow and S&P500 move higher.The S&P500 index of major stocks gained 0.89 points, or 0.1 per cent, to close at 1182.65, with steel shares accounting for three of the index's five best performers.
apple shares jumped nearly 10 per cent in after-market trading before slipping back for an 8 per cent gain at $452.86. apple tends to be conservative in its guidance but it missed analyst expectations for the first time in years in october, blaming the later release of the new iphone.
the commercial bank of goldman sachs is planning to expand outside of the us for the first time in its four-year history by opening a branch in london.
mr kovacevich said: "we firmly believe there's no other leader, anywhere in financial services, better equipped to lead wells_fargo to the next stage of success. however, wells_fargo financial reported a slowing in its motor financing business in the fourth quarter. san francisco-based wells_fargo reported strong numbers as net income rose to dollars 2.18bn, or 64 cents per share, in the fourth quarter, up from dollars 1.93bn, or 57 cents per share, for the fourth quarter of 2005.
bank_of_america will pay healthy bonuses to its investment bankers this year, but the compensation for its top performers will be spread over three years and the majority will be in stock, according to people familiar with the matter.
goldman sachs and others, some traders think, could be right this time.
since then, facebook shares have surged 58 per cent in less than six weeks to trade at $42.66 by the close in new york yesterday.
apple investors succumb to fears of capital gains tax hike
goldman cuts its risk exposure
banks had led the market higher by 3.6 per cent after wells_fargo agreed to acquire wachovia, demonstrating that deals could still be struck in the crisis-hit sector without the need for government assistance.
goldman sachs has scored its third legal victory in a week after a new york judge dismissed a lawsuit filed by shareholders against the bank's top management.
as a forceful champion, he is credited with keeping the company's all-important alliances with pc makers and other software developers strong - at least until the launch last year of windows 8, which was designed to bridge the gap between pcs and tablets but has started to fray relations in the wider technology ecosystem on which microsoft has depended.
bank_of_america merrill lynch plans almost to halve its $850bn portfolio of troubled home loans over the next three years as it seeks to quicken the pace with which it resolves problems related to the housing crisis and its disastrous purchase of countrywide financial.
google ideas, created last october, has quickly set out to build a reputation for doing things most corporate units would strive to avoid. for the save summit in dublin, google paid for more than 80 former jihadists, neo-nazi -skinheads, one-time irish extremists and us gang members, all of whom now work to prevent radicalisation, to fly in from around the world.there, they -huddled with google employees, survivors of terrorist attacks and kidnappings, academics and other experts to try to come up with solutions to fight extremism.
just last year, for example, jpmorgan chase's chairman and chief executive took a pay cut and still received $11.5m - which is more than i'm going to make in this life unless i give up journalism and start working as a flak for an investment bank, a cocaine cartel or some high-powered outfit like that.
"it appears microsoft has solved many of the most vexing questions of the digital living room," he adds.
wells_fargo was among nine banks that on tuesday agreed to participate in the us treasury's plan to recapitalise the financial services sector. wells_fargo and jpmorgan chase, which are to receive $25bn each in government funds, said they earned $1.64bn and $527m, respectively, during the period, while state street, which is to receive $2bn in federal money, put its net profit at $477m.
but the latest version of google now also generates a very different reminder.at the end of each month, google happily reports - without you ever asking for it!here google assumes that walking is more important - perhaps, even more moral - than, say, driving. with google at the helm, however, resistance is minimal.we don't mind our phones spying on us - at least not when google needs this data to tell us about flight delays.and as google begins to mediate our interactions with the built environment - through its self-driving cars, smart glasses, smartphones - the scope for "algorithmic nudging" also expands.
but wells_fargo benefited from higher lending margins and higher fees from mortgages, credit cards and insurance. scott wren, senior equity strategist at wachovia securities, says: "the market has been looking for some good news and the story today is wells_fargo and it is leading the market higher. wells_fargo results help lift financial stocks
investors have been worried about the challenge posed by tablet computers such as apple's ipad to the conventional pc market but microsoft reported a 25 per cent jump in revenue, with sales strong across its divisions, and net income rose 51 per cent.
microsoft reaffirmed its guidance for the new fiscal year of 3-5 per cent growth.
the reduced payment will not have much impact on mr ballmer's wealth - his microsoft shares are worth about $11.3bn. microsoft evidently does not regard the issue as material. google and microsoft are backing national trials of mobile services across fallow parts of the broadcast spectrum that could help avert a looming shortage of mobile frequencies.
jpmorgan last week reported its first quarterly loss under mr dimon after taking a $9.2bn charge for potential legal costs.
google will be forced to change the way it presents search results in europe or face antitrust charges for "diverting traffic" to its own services, the eu's competition chief has said, laying out a sharply different approach from us counterparts.
all of this means that if earnings remain on track, banks such as jpmorgan will have to return money to shareholders, buy assets or take over other banks.provisions for credit losses at jpmorgan fell by $1.6bn over the quarter.jpmorgan had a great quarter, with fee income up 37 per cent and fixed income and equities generating $1bn more than last year. jpmorgan bolstered by rise in investment banking fees
when goldman was told of the board decision, the bank "went off the deep end" and alleged "extreme bad faith", according to a previously undisclosed email sent on december 7 from mr hartnett to a colleague. mr hartnett claimed in his witness statement that goldman regarded the settlement offer of november 19 as "final and that they would fight any attempt by hmrc to resile from it".
microsoft is alleging that google is imposing restrictions on advertisers that prevent them from running the same campaign on multiple search engines, known as "multi-homing", cade said.
microsoft has long warned about counterfeit software , which it says "lurks around every corner and can find its way into business settings".
while last year, its sci-fi headset google glass took centre stage at the san francisco event, this year's attempt to bring forward the future included a voice-activated search engine that can understand pronouns and other nuances of natural human speech.
steve jobs and other apple senior executives discussed approving the idea of a smaller ipad to compete with samsung's seven-inch galaxy tab early last year, according to internal emails submitted as evidence in the two companies' us patent case.
google widens motorola restructuring programme
a deal had been expected since may after google set aside $500m for an unspecified legal matter and people involved in the talks confirmed that negotiations were under way.
the sony deal, confirmed by two people familiar with the negotiations, capped a week in which apple was in court fighting department of justice allegations that it had conspired with publishers to increase the cost of ebooks. apple and sony declined to comment and there were no initial details on the terms of their deal, but apple is said to have greatly improved on its early offers to music companies.apple was anxious to set a positive precedent for the future economics of -digital music.
the breakthrough came after google said it would in principle extend the remedies it had offered to make for pc-based search to cover mobile search services too. a two-year brussels investigation had identified concerns with the way google favours its own products in search results and demotes potential competitors, "copies" content from rivals without permission, shuts out competition with its advertising agreements with other websites and restricts advertisers from moving online ad campaigns to rival search engines.
He told shareholders the move to the US and listing on the S&P500 was needed to ensure the company's future growth.
disappointing results from bank_of_america and google weighed on the financial and technology sectors, but strong manufacturing and consumer sentiment data left the wider markets higher in the final session of a lacklustre week for us equities.
even so, goldman had the biggest market share in the lucrative business of advising on big deals in the first half of the year, according to data from thomson reuters.
but analysts suggested they had made significant losses on their two- to three-year apple contracts, which probably required them to sell 1m to 1.5m iphones each during the period, while contributing to marketing costs.
but wells_fargo benefited from higher lending margins and higher fees from mortgages, credit cards and insurance. the dollar's fortunes have become closely tied to that of the bruised us financial sector in recent weeks, which yesterday played out in the greenback's favour after wells_fargo posted estimate-beating results. steven s smith, chief technology officer for the us bank wells_fargo financial, introduced his company to business process management last year.
his evidence came on the third day of the case against rajat gupta, a former goldman director accused of sharing confidential information, including mr buffett's investment, with raj rajaratnam , founder of galleon group.
the gesture of good faith will also outline in more detail a ceiling for patent royalties and the steps that would be taken to resolve disputes before google would resort to court injunctions seeking to ban a product from being sold.
apple eyes $356m deal for authentec
why you should try it: apple has re-enabled gifting of apps in itunes just in time for the holidays and the release of the orchestra, another classic from touch press. innovator's dilemma; technology; it became the world's most valuable company by being consistently creative in hardware and software - but can apple find its way through the cloud?in february apple became one of an elite group of companies whose market capitalisation grew so large that it made up 4 per cent of the combined value of the entire s&p 500. but for apple sceptics, the swinging stock-price chart had a different meaning: that apple has peaked.
apple closer to german sales ban on rival tablet
The jockeying between the main players on News Corp's share register came as index compiler Standard & Poor's said the media group would be included in the key US S&P500 Index from the close of trade on December 17.Stockbroker analysts said yesterday that News Corp shares should maintain momentum because of buying activity in the US now that the company had been accepted into the S&P500 on the New York Stock Exchange.
microsoft launches handset software upgrade
goldman has held a commercial bank licence since it became a bank holding company in the depths of the financial crisis, a switch which gave it access to emergency lending from the federal reserve at the cost of increased regulatory supervision.
bank_of_america will pay $335m to resolve us allegations that the lender discriminated against african-american and hispanic borrowers, the latest in a series of legal and costly headaches that the bank has inherited from its troubled countrywide unit.
goldman sachs set up its "10,000 women" initiative in 2008, which aims to help women running small businesses in the developing world."women are essential to economic growth around the world, and through 10,000 women we've seen women entrepreneurs consistently grow their business and create jobs," says dina habib powell, president of the goldman sachs foundation, the investment bank's philanthropic arm.
in july he said apple tv, in its current form as a $99 set-top box for streaming content to an existing screen, remained a "hobby" but he added: "we think it will lead us somewhere. apple has also opened up access to its executives for selected investors, analysts and reporters.
goldman sachs has promoted marty chavez to chief information officer, overseeing a department that has been in the spotlight after an embarrassing trading glitch .
google doesn't hide its aims.google could be his natural ally.
richard kovacevich's decision to stay on past retirement age at wells_fargo is drawing fire from some analysts who have a history of praising his tenure as head of the bank.
apple has cut first-quarter orders for iphone 5 screens by half from their original levels, according to "people familiar with the situation".rumours about apple are as ubiquitous as its products.perhaps apple had such a strong holiday period it is anticipating a drop-off in demand.or perhaps apple is using its supply-chain power competitively, clogging up manufacturing capacity with outsized orders at key times, then cutting the orders when its own needs are met.
bank_of_america has moved closer to returning capital to shareholders after last week unexpectedly reaching new international capital standards.
paddy cosgrave, a young irish entrepreneur who started f.ounders - an annual meeting of 200 of the most influential founders of technology firms taking place on friday in dublin - says google probably chose ireland for tax reasons. google said it had added 2,585 employees in the latest three months - more than in earlier quarters this year - to take its total headcount to 31,353. in a rare disclosure about its financial performance, google said that revenue from mobile advertising had reached more than $2.5bn on an annualised basis, equivalent to some 7 per cent of its gross revenues in its latest quarter.
the urgent need for new focus makes it important that microsoft now turns to a new leader with strong technology and product vision - probably from the outside - rather than another internal manager who would only continue to manage decline, suggests one close observer. microsoft
etsi, which said it would publish the new sim's detailed specification "in due course", did not specifically name apple as the winner in its website announcement yesterday, but giesecke & devrient, the munich-based smart card maker and a member of the etsi committee, identified the apple design as the winner, according to macworld, the magazine.
wells_fargo is rated a2 by moody's, its sixth-highest investment grade, while the agency rates p&g aa3, its fourth-highest investment grade ranking.
**** it may seem hard to think of getting touchy-feely with a spreadsheet or sociable with a word processor but a more connected, collaborative, mobile, app-ified version of microsoft office seems set on converting us to new ways of working.
echoing arguments made by internet freedom groups in the us, google also said in its legal filing that greater disclosure was important to ensure an informed public debate about the us government's surveillance operations.
the 11,000-12,000 user data requests that facebook received from the us authorities in the first six months of 2013, covering 20,000-21,000 individuals, mark a 20 per cent rise in the number of requests over the second half of last year.
but facebook also showed that ads that appeared in users' news feeds were much more effective, as opposed to banner or display ads appearing on a side panel that people could easily ignore.
ms reller refused to reveal details of the changes microsoft will make to windows 8. microsoft has also admitted to a range of other slips with the launch of windows 8, including failing to do enough to train retail staff and educate potential customers about the new software. despite the slips, she said that microsoft continued to view the software as suitable for both pcs and tablets and that "customer satisfaction with windows 8 with touch is strong".
microsoft is so concerned about the gender imbalance in it that it recently held a conference to draw attention to the issue, writes natasha stidder. microsoft offers flexible working, including job-shares.in india, where many employees work night shifts, this has resulted in microsoft looking at the effects of shift-work and exploring how female employees can create a long-term career from it.
facebook is testing a new product in the us that allows ordinary users to pay to promote their own status updates, marking a shift in the social network 's willingness to charge its users for a core service.
the point is not just that netscape, yahoo, google, and facebook are the silicon valley equivalents of cavemen worshipping fertility idols.the comparison with facebook ( homo erectus to twitter's neanderthals) is inevitable.facebook was roughly twitter's size in revenue terms back in 2008-2009.but note, back in the pre-history of 2009, while facebook had about the same number of monthly active users as twitter does now, it was growing its revenue faster and was closer to profitability.
the appointment could be contentious: goldman has been given the epithet "government sachs" for its close ties with successive administrations.
disclosure issues at wells_fargo took on renewed importance in february, when the company's long-time chief financial officer announced his unexpected, immediate retirement. investors' concerns intensified in april after wells_fargo reported a sharp decline in first-quarter mortgage banking revenue. wells_fargo said that it had taken measures to provide investors with more information in recent years and now believed its disclosures were "strong and comprehensive".
net revenues in goldman asset management rose 13 per cent in the quarter to $1.33bn.
apple opens new era in digital learning
as a new arrival in the current world of us investment grade credit, apple is generating plenty of favourable attention among money managers.with its high double-a rating apple will sell its bonds at low yields, but for investors, what matters is that a marquee name has entered their universe.
well-received earnings from apple boosted shares in the iphone maker, helping the nasdaq to post a slight increase while the s&p 500 ticked down.
they said they would also study how microsoft dynamics crm and windows azure might work together as a platform for applications across the carmaker's global network and standardise its information architecture on the cloud.
microsoft bing trails in google's wake
but nationwide , the uk's largest building society, said that its ad spending with facebook remained suspended and called on the social networking site to have "stringent processes and guidelines in place to ensure that brands are able to protect themselves from appearing alongside inappropriate -content".
microsoft signalled a renewed effort with windows 8 this week as it confirmed for the first time that it would release an update of the software before the end of this year. microsoft is now ready to concede that the software has confused some of its customers. while not confirming details, microsoft has been under pressure to let pc users launch the familiar windows "desktop" when turning on their machines, rather than forcing them to start with a screenful of the colourful "live tiles" designed for touchscreen devices.
goldman has expanded its bank , advertising for loan underwriters in texas and residential mortgage specialists in new york.
jpmorgan chase's chief investment office, still reeling from a $2bn-plus trading loss , has been taking a much more aggressive approach to investing the bank's own funds than its competitors do, according to regulatory filings.
apple also said more than 100m of its existing customers had upgraded their devices to the latest operating system, ios 6, despite widely publicised problems with its new maps app .
while it has not disclosed further details, the outline hints at the development of a home entertainment hub with the ability to stream content between devices and suggests that google is seeking to grab a central position in digital home entertainment.
but china telecom is expected to start offering it this year, and apple has also long been in talks on an iphone deal with china mobile, the world's largest mobile operator.
since returning to the head of a near-bankrupt apple in 1997 after an earlier ousting in a management shake-up, mr jobs re-established apple's early role as a leader in personal computers. "the board has complete confidence that tim is the right person to be our next ceo," art levinson, apple director and chairman of genentech, the us biotech group, said in the company's announcement late on wednesday."tim's 13 years of service to apple have been marked by outstanding performance and he has demonstrated remarkable talent and sound judgment in everything he does. "there is so much more to apple than any one individual", said gartner analyst michael gartenberg. that existing pipeline of products could enable apple to sustain what has already given the company, with the iphone and ipad, impressive momentum.if it includes a better way of bringing the internet to television screens - something the apple tv device has attempted with limited success so far - it could also create a big new business that would produce a gush of cash for apple over the next five years, said mark anderson, a us technology analyst and chief executive of strategic news service.
we are satisfied that microsoft has agreed to cover 70 per cent of this contractual obligation.microsoft needed a platform to have any chance of being a mobile ecosystem. highlight: former chief rewarded on return to microsoft
it displays what microsoft calls its "metro" interface - a colourful mix of boxes of different sizes, crammed together in a way that draws in the user far more effectively than the icons scattered across the ipad's home screen.
apple hit new heights financially in 2011, with $108bn in revenues in its fiscal year ending in september - up from $65bn in 2010 - as well as $26bn recorded in net income and nearly $82bn available in cash reserves.
apple sold 9.25m ipads during the june quarter, up from 3.3m a year earlier - an increase of 183 per cent.
goldman sachs has stepped in to help knight capital unwind its erroneous trades, helping to push shares of the embattled broker sharply higher.
gem's flagship mine in lesotho supplies 55 per cent of the global "specials" market - diamonds greater than 10.8 carats - and can grow production by 12.5 per cent annually until 2017, goldman said.
its latest round of hardware investments, by contrast, show an attempt by microsoft to defend its castle.
facebook rose sharply after the opening bell as the social network announced earnings that have renewed investor faith in the company's ability to operate in the mobile advertising market.
neelie kroes, the eu's commissioner for digital affairs , says the furore represents a golden opportunity for european companies to make inroads in the cloud computing market, which is dominated by companies such as google and amazon.
that is the reality that dawned on facebook sceptics (if any remain after the big run the stock has enjoyed recently) as they flipped through the company's fourth-quarter results.
victory for apple as german ban on samsung galaxy tab is upheld
apple gets planning nod for new 'spaceship' offices; technology hardware
the us funds, which together control about 40 per cent of nine's senior loans, have made a proposal that would see funds owned by goldman get just 2 per cent of the new equity and 10 per cent of any future sale value above a$2.3bn, according to people close to the situation.
the group's plan to raise capital through disposals took a blow when the head of china construction bank, said bank_of_america had agreed to retain at least half its 10 per cent holding in ccb.
john doerr, a partner at the venture capital firm who made early bets on google and amazon, said usage of health-tracking apps had reached an "inflection point" and was no longer only for athletes or numbers-obsessed geeks.
apple has beefed up its customers' online security by adding an optional extra password, generated by an app, to protect its apple id and icloud accounts.
other apple watchers say that the company is just continuing to do what it has always done: make attractive, upmarket devices backed by a premium brand - and industry-leading profit margins.
the stock has rallied about 40 per cent since last wednesday, when facebook reported a surprise jump in mobile ad sales that surpassed even the most optimistic analyst projections .
apple has replaced senior software executive scott forstall in the wake of the fiasco over its maps service , bringing the biggest shake-up in management at the consumer technology company since steve jobs died more than a year ago.
big banks including goldman have been experimenting with new ways of trading corporate bonds by setting up their own "single dealer" electronic trading platforms, which in theory allow investors to easily buy and sell companies' debt.
although only a handful of analysts rate apple at anything less than a "buy", several including jefferies, citigroup and bmo capital, markets have downgraded their price targets over the past week. speculation also is growing that apple might release a cheaper, low-end iphone to gain a greater foothold in emerging markets.apple warned in october's earnings that the ipad mini and other product launches would dilute its margins this quarter.
the latest ultimatum from joaquín almunia, the eu's competition commissioner, pushes google to revise a proposed settlement widely attacked by groups complaining about the us search engine's dominance.
julia white, a microsoft marketing executive, said the rival services were "very niche" and did not approach the "full solution" of office. in one sign of the company's efforts to appease wall street, microsoft yesterday raised the quarterly dividend on its shares by 5 cents, or 22 per cent, and renewed a $40bn stock buyback plan due to expire this month.
correction: philip schiller, apple's svp for worldwide marketing, appeared in a photo on september 13 in some editions, not apple ceo tim cook as described in the caption. apple launched its most important product since the death of co-founder steve jobs with the unveiling yesterday of a thinner and lighter iphone that the tech group hopes will trigger a new wave of sales as demand for its predecessor flags.
but with smartphones, tablets and other devices creating new ways for consumers to access audio recordings, a software-only strategy for zune could put microsoft in a position to build a successful digital music business, said mark mulligan, an analyst at forrester.
other commercial banks also gained with wells_fargo up 1.2 per cent to $30.62 and jpmorgan up 1.8 per cent to $38.30.
goldman made much of the increase in its fourth-quarter profits through its own portfolio of long-term investments.in the meantime, goldman and jpmorgan are continuing to make money with their own investments.
jpmorgan shares rose more than 3 per cent.
apple shares climbed to near an all-time high yesterday as investors weighed the impact that the newly unveiled iphone would have on the consumer electronics company's prospects.
bank calls up google to gauge the latest trends
the securities and exchange commission's involvement comes as us exchanges, including those run by nyse euronext, worked through the night to determine whether to cancel, adjust or break erroneous trades that could end up costing goldman tens of millions of dollars.
wells_fargo received $25bn under the treasury's programme, but said it still intended to raise $20bn of new capital to help fund its acquisition.citigroup and wells_fargo have been marketing debt sales this week.
moreover, its potential size is dwarfed by annual production of refined copper, which jpmorgan puts at 20.2m metric tonnes. jpmorgan names head of mortgage business; banks
google is now making a bid to draw together many of its own services with a new kind of social glue.
wells_fargo said it had issued mortgages worth $188bn, with 15 per cent of loans coming from the government's home affordable refinance programme, which loosens terms for underwater borrowers.wells_fargo reported a 13 per cent rise in net income to a record $4.3bn.
jpmorgan chase reported a 13 per cent jump in quarterly profits on fewer loan defaults and surprisingly resilient trading revenue, defying expectations that a litany of economic, legal and regulatory challenges would weigh heavily on its results.
he told bloomberg businessweek he had made the changes to ensure apple was a "fast-moving, agile company where there are no politics, no agendas ."one of the challenges facing apple is that if [mr cook] is the brains, where does the soul come from? defenders of mr cook's product nous point to the huge range of new devices that apple launched this autumn, with near simultaneous redesigns of the iphone, ipad and imac.
wells_fargo rose 7 per cent to $37.60. wells_fargo yesterday sparked a regulatory and legal dispute with a surprise $15.1bn all-share offer for wachovia, trumping citigroup's $2.2bn government-aided deal to buy most of the sixth-biggest us lender.
google now is less chatty than siri.it pre-empts your questions by analysing what google already knows about you.available on android phones, google now might soon also be coming to our browsers.
ireland's parliament will hold its own hearings into tax avoidance by multinational corporations next month amid the fallout from damaging revelations that apple and google have saved billions of euros in tax using subsidiary companies based in ireland
apple hit the top of the market but investors are nursing losses after treasury bond yields rose. apple soars on strong launch sales of iphones; wall street
the s&p 500 financials index added 1.8 per cent, the most among sector components, with bank_of_america up 3.7 per cent to $12, morgan stanley gaining 3.2 per cent to $26.47 and goldman sachs rising 2.8 per cent to $166.14.
earlier, contrasting results from citigroup and wells_fargo had emphasised the diverging fortunes of investment banking franchises and more conventional mortgage lenders. wells_fargo climbed 0.7 per cent to $29.83, as the largest us home lender reported record fourthquarter earnings .
they had hoped that microsoft would help create a market for windows in lower-cost devices that are more frugal on battery life than those that run on current intel chips.
not only have banks such as jpmorgan and wells fargo survived the crisis, they are thriving again, as they showed in their results on friday.on the earnings call a puzzled analyst pointed to "extremely good" trading results and asked the jpmorgan chief executive "if you could brag a little bit"?so, then, a solid second quarter for jpmorgan - $6.5bn in net profit, up 31 per cent year on year.
microsoft is pushing a new way of computing to consumers that covers all bases, but has the potential to confuse and lead to rejection. some research firms are already expecting a microsoft decline. a marketing campaign began in earnest this week, estimated to be costing microsoft more than $1bn, and all the major pc makers have readied pcs, laptops, tablets and hybrid convertible devices that will feature windows 8."businesses are waiting for microsoft to come into this space, so they can have a tablet that they can manage and work with their traditional suppliers on," she says.
jpmorgan chase said it was cutting 17,000 jobs over two years, with the bulk of losses falling in the consumer and mortgage businesses.
wells_fargo and other banks that will have to raise capital told the financial times that if operating profits were greater than the government's stress-case forecast for the second and third quarter, they would receive credit for the difference. wells_fargo said in october when it accepted $25bn from tarp that it did not need the funds.
but microsoft has more than just price to catch up on, as it revises plans for windows on mobile devices.
facebook shares touched a record high just below the $50 level as us indices edged higher after starting the day lower, writes jason abbruzzese .
analysts at stifel nicolaus expect apple to ship 49m iphones globally this quarter.apple says the iphone 5, launched on september 21, will be available in more than 100 countries by the end of december - its fastest ever rollout.
us stocks had a positive start to september trading despite microsoft falling after news that the maker of windows software would buy nokia's mobile phone division.
the latest figures were the first since google completed its acquisition of motorola mobility in may, skewing its overall business towards the lower-margin hardware market .in the brief period google owned it in the latest quarter, motorola lost $233m on revenues of $1.25bn, drawing searching questions from wall street analysts yesterday about how google planned to turn it round.
apple says it has paid $4bn to developers to date. record price for apple helps push nasdaq to 11-year highs
the european commission has asked google for more information about its planned acquisition of motorola mobility, a step that is likely to at least delay the body's approval of the deal.
facebook is testing a new "want" button for online retailers, similar to the social network's widely used "like", which consumers can use to add product images to an online wish-list, in a style similar to the photo-sharing site pinterest.the pilot, which will make it easier for people to buy the items shared by their friends, is the latest in a series of site improvements released by facebook in recent weeks as it attempts to find new revenue streams and recapture investor interest.
mr ballmer is set to make his latest attempt to catch up with apple later this month, with microsoft due to release both a new tablet computer, called surface, and smartphone operating system.
microsoft had itself tried - and failed - to invent tablet computing with its own version of a touchenabled, keyboard-less pc early the previous decade.there was nothing new that apple could do to breathe life into this market, the microsoft chief claimed.
had microsoft launched windows 8 with the traditional look for pc users and its new tile-based interface for phones and tablets, as it easily could have, all might have been well.windows 7, which rescued vista, is now installed on two-thirds of corporate pcs and microsoft has to fix windows 8 to catch the next cycle.
according to jpmorgan banking analyst kian abouhossein, exchange traded funds (etfs) are thought to be a prime opportunity for growth at many delta one divisions. us bank executives are making a greater push against some of the detail of the new international capital regime, following the condemnation of "anti-american" features by jamie dimon, chief executive of jpmorgan chase.
dozens of labour rights organisations from the us to poland, india and indonesia wrote an open letter to mr cook this week demanding apple provide a living wage for chinese workers so they did not have to work excessive overtime. the recommendations of the fla and the agreement to them by apple and its main supplier foxconn appear to answer these points: there were commitments that would reduce working hours to legal limits while protecting pay and improving conditions.
bank_of_america will return to a new york court today to learn if its settlement with the securities and exchange commission will be approved by a judge who rejected an earlier deal.
google admitted at the time that it had failed to anticipate the huge demand from businesses. though lagging far behind facebook in the reach of its network, google+ could have added appeal for business users given the potential for it to be integrated into other google services, mr copeland and other industry observers said.
bank_of_america was leading individual stocks on the index, up 18.9 per cent in that period.
however, he said that previous regulatory analyses of the windows monopoly had never been based on the particular chips on which the software runs, and that microsoft would also be able to use its strength in the traditional pc market to gain market share on new touchscreen, arm-based devices.
apple benefits from an established system that has a loyal following of customers who will often automatically upgrade to the latest incarnation of its handset.
together, the smartphone and hybrid pc/tablet software platforms mark a critical moment for microsoft as it seeks to defend its central position in the software world.
For the week, the S&P500 rose 1.1 per cent, bringing its rally this quarter to 6.1 per cent; the Dow gained 0.6 per cent for its fourth weekly increase in five; and the Nasdaq rose by 1.5 per cent.
goldman sachs asset management wants to increase its share of fiduciary assets under management to 10 per cent of the us and uk total as institutional clients demand more sophisticated investment solutions.
jpmorgan chase has agreed to pay $100m and accepted its "london whale" trading episode had a "manipulative" effect on credit derivatives markets in a settlement with the commodity futures trading commission, according to people familiar with the situation.
"the one thing about apple that will change going forward is that we are not going to see one person representing himself as the physical manifestation of all apple," mr gartenberg said. in some ways jobs acted as if he were the only customer who mattered, ignoring market research and focus groups and selecting from among apple employees the ideas he found most appealing.
apple could itself launch an arm-powered notebook by the end of this year that sets new standards in thinness and portability, adds mr kay.
apple is expected to launch a successor to its popular iphone 5 this autumn that will run on ios7, the biggest overhaul of its mobile operating system since the original iphone.
it's also an interesting way for facebook to get more data out of their users, because anybody who pays to promote a post will supply their credit card information. facebook began testing the feature in new zealand in may, then rolled it out to more than 20 other countries with prices ranging from $1 to $12 per post. when you promote a post - whether it's wedding photos, a garage sale, or big news - you bump it higher in news feed so your friends and subscribers are more likely to notice it," facebook said in a blog post .
"the m7 enhances the iphone's core capabilities, and also makes it a better hub for wearable accessories, whether made by apple or anyone else.apple also unveiled a core motion software interface, which developers can tap to tell whether the phone is stationary, walking, running or driving.
 nike, from whom apple poached a technology executive, is among the first to create a fitness app using core motion, called nike+ move.
apple does not comment on future products, but such an approach to the development of iwatch would be consistent with the way it has worked in the past, analysts and a previous employee say.
 based on motion data collected from use of the iphone 5s, apple will be able to optimise its designs for the iwatch.by designing its chips, apple can build hardware and software that work together better than any off-the-shelf processor, says the former employee.
 the chipmaker, which is closely tied to companies such as apple that use its products in smartphones, added 1.1 per cent to $68.81.
 apple ended its recent slide that began after investors reacted negatively to the latest iphone.
 gains from qualcomm and apple were not enough to put the nasdaq composite in positive territory. many investors had hoped the handset would be cheaper and enable apple to win more market share in china and india.
 we believe apple is foregoing a valuable and relatively easy way to return to earnings growth,"" mr piecyk said in a note, highlighting that earnings fell 20 per cent in the latest quarter.""the real question is whether apple plans to ever go after these markets or rather just remain a high-end phonemaker. the sell-off follows a two-month rally that has seen apple stock rise from below $400 to above $500.he told cnbc he had bought ""quite a bit"" more apple stock, saying it was ""extremely cheap""."
microsoft is expected to produce cheaper smartphones using its windows software next year so that it can match lower-end android phones, which have underpinned that platform's dominance in recent years.
among the winners, bank_of_america rose 3.8 per cent over the week to $12.57,with most gains coming from yesterday's rally after it received approval for a $5bn buyback programme.
security has been stepped up at 270 park avenue, global headquarters of jpmorgan chase, ahead of the 10th anniversary of the september 11 attacks. but more than others, jpmorgan has been trying to counter this view by asserting its usefulness in the shaky economy and making the case that even complex instruments have a real purpose.this year jpmorgan is down 24 per cent. jpmorgan says basel rules 'anti-us'
both google and microsoft filed lawsuits two months ago seeking the power to say more about the surveillance requests they receive, in the hope that the information would calm some of the concern. the co-ordinated statements by google and microsoft mark a rare detente between the rival tech giants, which have often lobbied aggressively against each other in washington in the past. the news of steve ballmer's early departure as chief executive of microsoft has created a vacancy for one of the plum jobs in business: a seat at the helm of a corporate behemoth worth nearly $300bn that remains among the most profitable companies in the world.
mr spencer outlined far more ambitious goals for the microsoft move.
For example, at the end of 2006, the 10-largest stocks in the S&P500 made up 20 per cent of the index.The results showed an excess in performance of 2 per cent, a superior Sharpe ratio - 0.452 against 0.306 for S&P500 - and a significant outperformance of the benchmark index in a bear market.
microsoft opened a fresh front in its legal battle with google, lodging a complaint with europe's competition watchdog over motorola mobility, the smartphone maker and google takeover target , alleging it is shutting out rivals through aggressive patent enforcement.
the focus of the renewed german push was to require internet companies such as google and facebook to reveal more information about how they used the data they acquired.
mr zaoui, 51, gave up his position as co-head of global mergers and acquisition at goldman a few weeks ago, with the ambition of finding a new venture.
google is launching a challenge to apple with a voice-enabled search app for the iphone that will compete directly with the siri personal assistant.
meanwhile, g4s's adjusted net debt was the highest among its peers at about 4 times operating earnings, against a sector average of 1.6 times, goldman said. best buy battle for recovery wins backing from goldman sachs; wall street
Until the middle of last year, the S&P500 tended to run ahead of earnings by about six months.Standard & Poor's said in election years since 1948, the S&P500 had increased an average of 1.2 per cent in the first quarter, 3.2 per cent in the second quarter, 1 per cent in the third quarter and 3.1 per cent in the final quarter.
shares in the ftse 250-listed group jumped 5.1 per cent to 191¾p after goldman set a 290p target price.
overall, apple said it had seen a 59 per cent jump in revenue to $39.2bn, with net income rising 94 per cent to $11.6bn, or $12.30 a share. apple sales brush off concerns on growth; quarterly net income up 94% to $11.6bn
banks ranging from huge bank_of_america to tiny maryland-based oba financial services increased c&i loans by about 20 per cent year over year in the first quarter, says snl financial.
there is a fairly large number of mutual funds out there that purchase only dividend-paying stocks, so they would expand the shareholder base and be more long-term holders of apple stock," he says.
azimo, a money-transfer service based in london, will launch the app today enabling people to transfer funds to fellow facebook users in more than 100 countries. michael kent, founder of azimo, said: "people share pictures, status updates and chat on facebook - this allows you to send money just as easily.it becomes a digital wallet within your facebook profile. the company, founded in 2012, already allows users to sign up for the money transfer service with a facebook account.once users are signed up, they will be able to send money to facebook friends, with the payee entering their account details via a facebook invitation.
in a job advertisement for the division , jpmorgan requires someone to "create macro portfolio hedges using credit derivatives" at the same time as "maximising risk adjusted return".
analysts remain unsure of consumer demand for smartwatches but they say smartphone manufacturers including apple and google need to come up with new wearable devices to make up for falling margins in the smartphone market.
he certainly has talent: his prose is crisp and he incorporates unforced references to facebook and instagram into his prose as only a 21-year-old writer could.
wells_fargo rose 23 per cent to $10.59 and us bancorp was up 15.2 per cent at $10.16.
in early responses, analysts suggested that the new ipad would set apple further ahead of its rivals.
about 100 "nooglers", as new googlers or google interns are affectionately called (and their souvenir hats are appropriately inscribed), have gathered to watch hollywood's take on their up-coming summer job at the internet search company.
apple would not comment on the price of the acquisition. apple itself picks about 40 apps to showcase on the app store's homepage, which can be akin to winning the lottery for lucky developers who gain huge exposure to prospective customers.
mr icahn's holding in apple is believed to be a fraction of 1 per cent, so if he does have an agenda beyond the "nice conversation", he may need the support of other shareholders.
costs continued to rise quickly in the latest period as google added another 2,550 workers, though the news was outweighed by accelerating growth.
bank_of_america is ramping up mortgage and corporate lending after two years of focusing on improving capital levels, which are now strong enough to make a higher dividend or share buyback likely.
investors smile on facebook as mobile income prospects look up
now, mojang, the stockholm-based company he formed with two former colleagues to professionalise his bedroom enterprise, is on track to turn over more than eur50m this year and is in the process of developing minecraft for the microsoft xbox 360 console and smartphones.
canaccord's £253.5m acquisition of collins stewart hawkpoint at the end of 2011 has boosted its uk corporate client list to 140, making it second only to jpmorgan cazenove in the british corporate broking market.
peakside will also manage legacy european real estate investments held on the bank_of_america balance sheet. gregory curl, a former top executive at bank_of_america , is joining temasek, the singapore state investment agency, next month to oversee its us and financial services holdings.
mr forst, a 16-year goldman veteran, will be replaced by eric lane, a partner since 2002, who has acted as chief operating officer for goldman's asset management business for the past two years. goldman sachs has struggled to increase its assets under management since the financial crisis, as it has wrestled with patches of poor performance and allegations that the bank had profited from customers' troubles during the financial crisis.
microsoft executives argued that the company's office software and games division had performed more strongly than suggested by the headline numbers.
NEWS Corporation yesterday experienced the first flush of US index buying with its non-voting shares jumping 3.9 per cent after the manager of Wall Street's influential S&P500 index, Standard & Poor's, unveiled the date for their inclusion in the US index.
apple sold 5m units of its newest iphone in the opening weekend following last week's launch.this fell short of some analysts' estimates, however, and apple said in a statement that it had been struggling to supply the devices because demand had been high.
us banks led by jpmorgan chase are offering a new type of debt product that will help them to skirt new rules requiring them to hold war chests of liquid assets.
as little as three years ago microsoft boasted sales that were 60 per cent higher than those of apple and operating income that was more than 160 per cent greater. this has already started to starve microsoft of something critical to its success: the attention of the most creative software developers, whose applications ultimately account for the appeal of general-purpose computers such as pcs and tablets. for the surface to have any chance in this battle, microsoft must pull off two feats. apple and other microsoft enemies have been claiming for some time that the "post-pc" era is at hand. microsoft seeks apple fizz with tablet gamble
mr smith's book, entitled why i left goldman sachs, is set for publication on october 22 and the bank is braced for more allegations. in his article, mr smith said goldman was no longer acting in the interests of clients, saying: "it makes me ill how callously people talk about ripping their clients off. goldman responded by launching an investigation into what was nicknamed internally "the muppet hunt"." goldman executives claim that the language, though disparaging, did not mean the salesperson was attempting to take advantage of clients but to help them understand a trade. goldman braced, page 20
mr wood predicted it would quickly become the number-one selling android smartphone but added that the true test of the device would come later this year when apple launches its next iteration of the iphone.
google rose 13 per cent to $597.46 after a strong earnings report that exceeded the most bullish estimates . google needs more firepower in raging patent wars
better performance, longer battery lives and more apps are set to make the second-generation microsoft tablets far more attractive to potential customers, industry analysts said.
eon, germany's largest utility, has recruited goldman sachs to run a sale of its gas distribution network in a move that could raise up to eur2.5bn ($3.3bn) to help pay down its debts and further shift its focus away from europe.
sales and earnings boost for microsoft
News's ordinary shares jumped 4 per cent yesterday to $11.98 and the non-voting preferred shares leapt 4.5 per cent to $11.60 as the documents showed News could be included in the S&P500 index sooner than expected.
bank_of_america rose as much as 9.4 per cent as financial stocks led resurgent us equities to register their best one-day gains this year.
facebook changed the wording in all languages, and saw a 40 per cent increase in ad buying across the globe, mr schultz says.
steven milunovich, analyst at ubs, talks about a "lost year of growth" at apple in 2013, while stuart jeffrey of nomura forecasts a rise of just 2 per cent in earnings this year, "which, if true, suggests that apple really has gone ex-growth".
the country has become the second-biggest in the world in terms of user numbers for facebook while its entertainment industry is attracting growing investment.
he also claimed that google was motivated more by serving its users than acting as "a rational business trying to maximise its own profits" and, in a pointed reference to the antitrust problems of microsoft, said: "we get the lessons of our corporate predecessors. his responses left some members of the us senate's antitrust subcommittee expressing frustration over how google appeared to sidestep its own search algorithms to give prominence to its own online services, such as maps and finance.
certainly, companies such as ibm and apple have had to stay on the leading edge of an increasingly challenging range of technologies. jobs biography reveals apple recipe for success; technology hardware
wells_fargo leads financials rebound on solid trade data
facebook reaches 1bn users
however, the acquisition touches on a number of issues already under review in wider investigations of google in washington and brussels, and could present a way for regulators to extract concessions from the company in return for clearing the deal, they added.
goldman was also recently subpoenaed by the new york attorney-general's office, which is probing us banks' mortgage securities activities. "we don't comment on specific regulatory or legal issues but subpoenas are a normal part of the information request process and, of course, when we receive them we co-operate fully," goldman said.
facebook was set to record its biggest gains as a public company yesterday as investors snapped up stock in the social network site after it reported better than expected net revenues in its quarterly results.
meanwhile, wells_fargo swung to a net profit of $2.8bn, or 8 cents a share. lenders such as bank of america and wells_fargo joined rivals jpmorgan chase and citigroup in reporting higher fees from many of their businesses and pointing to signs that credit conditions were getting better.
wells_fargo of california passed citigroup to become the third-biggest us bank by market value yesterday after its shares rose nearly 33 per cent on better-than-expected second-quarter results and an increase in its dividend.
however, in spite of helping to nudge microsoft further down the road towards "cloud" computing, in which centralised data centres are expected to take on a greater role in the tech world, mr ozzie's impact on the company has not been as far-reaching as some industry analysts had hoped.
etsi, which said it would publish the new sim's detailed specification "in due course", did not specifically name apple as the winner in its website announcement yesterday, but giesecke & devrient, the munich-based smart card maker and a member of the etsi committee, identified the apple design as the winner, according to macworld, the magazine.
these paid links are "a potentially catastrophic escalation of google's abuse, providing a new and immensely powerful anti-competitive tool, which in many cases would hand google the majority of its rivals' profits", according to foundem, a uk shopping comparison company that has been one of the most vociferous critics of the deal.
the shares were awarded to goldman power players including lloyd blankfein, chief executive, gary cohn, chief operating officer, and john rogers, chief of staff and secretary to the bank's board of directors.
google hailed what it called a "pioneering" agreement in france yesterday over digitising out-of-print books, ending six years of litigation between the us search company and french publishers.
"no doubt, there will be surprises ahead but the business model that has served wells_fargo well for over two decades, focused on diversification and satisfying all of our customers' financial needs, continues to serve us well and will guide us through 2010 and beyond. only last year, us bancorp topped the table and wells_fargo was in the top 10.
buyers pushed yahoo up to $15.77, a rise of 20 per cent on the week, on hopes of a bidding war between microsoft and alibaba , the chinese e-commerce site, which confirmed its interest in buying out the california-based group last friday.
apple yesterday rolled out the biggest changes to its iphone software since the smartphone was launched six years ago, hoping to avoid a repeat of the outcry against last year's update to ios.
the iphone 4 and ipad 2 have turned into the workhorses of the apple line-up.the world loves the older iphone, not least because of its lower price tag - and not just the developing world, where apple is starting to see some impressive growth from a small base, but markets like the uk and the us as well.
mr lemkau will lead the global m&a franchise with gene sykes, who has been sole head of the unit since the departure of yoël zaoui, who left goldman sachs last year.
however, english heritage, which has been overseeing the listing application, contacted goldman to confirm that the department for culture, media and sport had granted grade ii listed status to the murals.
google 2.0 prepares to come out of the shade
consumers tend to equate price and value, and microsoft has a fledgling brand to protect.more important, microsoft must consider the global pc makers, from hewlett-packard to lenovo.microsoft will have to think carefully before alienating the partners that have helped make its software franchise one of the most profitable businesses of all time.
"we can't wait to start working with them on our goal to provide a review for every relevant place in the world," google said.
google launches tool to help users plan their digital afterlife
why, then, has microsoft underperformed its two peers?microsoft will release windows 8 - the most substantially redesigned version of its operating system since the disastrous vista launch five years ago - this year.if the system is good enough to entice a wave of pc upgrades, or better, to make microsoft a real contender in tablet computing, truly impressive growth could be on the way. microsoft and intel take heart from pc sales jump; technology
perhaps this is what made the chief executive of pan-asia life assurer aia seem so suitable for the boardroom of goldman sachs, where he was made a director last month .
a consortium led by microsoft will begin a technology trial in the uk this week that should pave the way for new mobile broadband networks that can support bandwidth-hungry smartphones.
jpmorgan said: "while we have repeatedly acknowledged significant mistakes, our senior management acted in good faith and never had any intent to mislead anyone. drew to testify before senate on $6bn jpmorgan loss
Once again, the 10-year 14.2 per cent annualised performance of its composite and strong outperformance over the S&P500 with dividends reinvested demonstrates the success of such a strategy.These final words would seem naive but 5 per cent of outperformance over a benchmark returning 5 per cent (what the S&P500 returned in 2005 in dollars) is really different at the end of the year from a 5 per cent out performance over a benchmark returning 26 per cent (what the S&P500 has returned in 2003).The S&P500 gained 13 points on Friday to end the week 1.9 per cent higher at 1,280.16.While most leading global stock markets produced strong double digit growth, the benchmark S&P500 produced capital growth of just 3 per cent in dollar terms.
combining that with the social network data of facebook could prove a powerful attraction for advertisers, analysts said.
in the run-up to the financial crisis, goldman generated billions of dollars worth of profit by trading for its own book and holding risky positions on behalf of its clients.
jpmorgan chase, the largest us bank by assets, is moving its head of investment banking coverage from new york to hong kong as part of a push into asia and a wider sign of western banks looking east for growth.
google embraces tv ads in fight to win friends from facebook
with iphone's new software, photos will be automatically organised according to the time and location they were taken and "airdrop" will enable easier sharing between apple devices.
weaving facebook's social data into the commerce experience, like the regular reminders it sends to users about friends' birthdays, combined with knowledge of their preferences expressed through "likes", could give facebook a competitive edge if it manages to build the service significantly.
google is preparing the biggest overhaul of its search results in five years, in a change that is likely to draw more fire from rivals as antitrust investigations into the company intensify.
microsoft is leading a consortium that will investigate whether radio spectrum that is not wanted for transmission of terrestrial television can instead support a new generation of mobile broadband networks.
ultimately, however, apple is believed to have made some changes to its design to accommodate its rivals resulting in only minor differences between the proposals, most notably involving the way the sim is inserted into a handset.
howard chen, an analyst at credit suisse, said: "if you look at just overall absolute performance and profitability - goldman is still a premier player across institutional sales and trading.the ratio of pay and benefits to net revenues was 43 per cent, down from 44 per cent in the same period last year as goldman constrained costs and cut jobs.
but with the bargaining under way - which mr schmidt has described as a "back and forth" with the regulator - indicates google put enough on the table to make serious follow-up worthwhile.
Inclusion in the S&P500 was a primary reason for News to move its domicile to the US, arguing the massive US market would provide greater demand for its stock.
kohlberg kravis roberts hired an entire team of goldman sachs traders at the start of 2011, but it has been slow to attract assets for the new venture, which had raised about $400m in capital at the end of the second quarter.
google has accused arch-rival microsoft of plagiarising its internet search results in an attempt to narrow the big lead google still holds in the highly profitable search business.
The blue line in our chart represents the S&P500 since 5 July.Within the confines of the model we can identify two possible explanations as to why the S&P500 index is not currently 200 points higher - either the equity risk premium has risen during this period, or the market's assessment of long-term earnings growth potential of the market has fallen, or a combination of the two.The blue line in our chart represents the S&P500 since 5 July.Within the confines of the model we can identify two possible explanations as to why the S&P500 index is not currently 200 points higher - either the equity risk premium has risen during this period, or the market's assessment of long-term earnings growth potential of the market has fallen, or a combination of the two.The FTSE100 closed at a five-and-half-year high; America's S&P500 index hit a seven-year high and Japan's Nikkei closed at a seven-month high.
as part of the complicated structure used by goldman to enter china, the majority shareholdings in the bank's china subsidiaries - beijing gaohua securities and goldman sachs gaohua - remain in mr fang's name although those shareholdings were bought with a loan of about $200m from goldman that gives the bank effective control.
But the outperformance has been achieved, using real money, since the start of 2003, outperforming the S&P500 index by nearly 18 percentage points a year.
peter neupert, corporate vice-president for health, told the financial times the benefits to microsoft in the us of healthvault was simply to "increase the brand relationship" by raising its image with customers as "important, critical and trusted".
asia's third-largest economy is likely to grow in importance as google seeks growth in emerging markets, not least given the problems of domestic competition and censorship that the californian group continues to face in china.
a certain silicon valley company became the apple of wall street's eye again this week as sales of its smartphone surpassed expectations and it reported record march quarter revenues and profits .
apple needed to have their morale uplifted and a new focus and vision.today the people at apple are absolutely fine. nonetheless, he sees a certain "frustration" with the criticism apple is receiving for not releasing a revolutionary new product like jobs did with the original ipod, iphone and ipad - and a "defensiveness" in the tone of its ads.
since taking over full control at cazenove more than two years ago, us investment bank jpmorgan has gone to great lengths to preserve and protect the valuable brand name of the uk's leading stockbroker by number of clients.
"what google wants and what we want is quality. google targets foodies with deal to acquire restaurant guide zagat
 google has struck a deal to buy zagat, publisher of the respected restaurant guides based on reviews from food-lovers, as part of its push to combine local content with its search results.
 mobile search has become increasingly important for google as people look for nearby restaurants and shops using google's place and maps applications on their smartphones.google previously ran reviews and ratings aggregated from other sites along with the search results.what google wants and what we want is quality. google secures renewal of china licence
 the chinese government has renewed the licence under which google runs its local website, a decision that reassures investors over the legal basis for foreign internet companies' business in the country.
 we can confirm that the government has renewed our [internet content provider] licence,"" a google spokesperson said."
some goldman insiders see the moves as part of a clearing of senior ranks to allow younger bankers to attain the lucrative rank of partner.the merchant banking division has less turnover than other parts of goldman - which makes sense, according to some who believe investment experience is invaluable, while others think it is too top-heavy.
google and microsoft have promised to co-operate with the government's crackdown on online pornography, after david cameron threatened to introduce a new law if they fail to act before the autumn.
he bought his first apple accessories off the shelf from an asian manufacturer and adopted a rudimentary finance strategy.the first came in october 2005 when apple sent him a 26-page fax explaining that its trademark ownership of "pod" meant his company, then called podgear, would have to change its name. instead of a summer holiday, mr dudderidge is taking fridays off in august as the company prepares to spread beyond apple with the launch of its first docking station for android devices. apple and samsung each laid claim to the spirit of silicon valley innovation as they delivered their closing arguments in their multibillion-dollar patent battle.
"the people behind companies such as google, linkedin and facebook say it is important to them to be able to maintain their vision and values and retain a long-term perspective," mr mayer says.
microsoft gamble hinges on winning customers from apple and google
that is lucky as jpmorgan is always the leading big bank out of the reporting season traps.not only is jpmorgan an excellent barometer for the industry, mr dimon tells it straight.even on the assumption jpmorgan that will have to hold more additional capital because it is "significant", regulators will not require it at this level until 2017.
according to a questionnaire sent last week to several eu mobile network operators, the european commission's probe is focusing on distribution terms that might favour apple by ensuring no rival can secure a better sales deal.
gossip about the next generation of iphone, expected to be a more significant upgrade than the iphone 4s was over its predecessor, has already begun to dissuade buyers ahead of an expected autumn launch, apple said yesterday. apple misses wall street forecasts
goldman sachs' planned redevelopment of one of the city of london's largest unoccupied offices hit a snag on tuesday after the government granted protected status to murals adorning the front of the building.
"one of the most frequent conversations i have with investors is about whether the younger demographic is disengaging from facebook ," says mark mahaney, an internet analyst at rbc capital markets."they believe that it is happening," he says, on the basis that teenagers tell them that facebook is uncool and that other services such as snapchat - the app for self-destructing messages - are gaining ground.
google has also become one of the biggest silicon valley venture capitalists by means of its google ventures arm.
google ireland generated revenue of eur10.9bn (£9.6bn) in 2010, up from eur7.9bn in 2009. "i feel absolutely comfortable google adheres to the rule of law in any country in the world," says mr herlihy, who insists it is the people, rather than tax, that is dublin's main draw.
the british library's deal with google comes after more public institutions have been encouraged to turn to commercial partners, as government funding is squeezed. last december, google launched its ebookstore , which competes with apple and amazon's digital book shops, with the backing of all six major us publishers. google has worked with about 40 libraries on digitisation projects, none of which is directly revenue generating.google says its aim is to give users of its search engine "high quality things to search for".
shares in barnes & noble soared as much as 90 per cent yesterday after it announced a joint venture with microsoft to compete in the digital book market.
microsoft brightens tepid trade
shares in apple have surged 64 per cent this year.
there have also been multiple reports that apple is preparing to launch a full assault on the television market.
improvements in the google plus social network and search will be rolled out over the next few days but i was able to convert my google play music account to the new all access service instantly.this allowed me to access my music on the web or any android device (a google app for apple devices is not available, unlike amazon and its cloud player).
But if we allow the trend rate of real earnings growth to slow to 2 per cent, then the fair value of the S&P500 drops by around a third relative to its current value.
as well as increasing its options for high-end customers, speculation is intensifying that apple will release a cheaper iphone, aimed at developing markets, later this year.
in september, google said 25bn apps had been downloaded to android devices, a milestone apple reached the previous march .by october, apple had surpassed 35bn downloads.
in early 2010, google asked taiwan's htc to develop the nexus one, a flagship phone meant to show off the then relatively new android mobile operating system.
how jpmorgan shock hit war on volcker; investment bank's $2bn loss played into the hands of regulators and advocates of tighter risk control
us stocks began the second half of 2013 with a broad rally led by a rise in apple , which struggled in the first six months of the year.
at google he is getting arguably freer rein to put some of those concepts into action.
apple may enter the television market in 2012 if the rumours are to be believed and it has samsung's d7000 series to beat here. pressure from rivals poses 2012 challenges for apple
Correlation with the S&P500 jumped 78 per cent.The S&P500 closed 2.1 per cent up on Wednesday, while the FTSE100 started Thursday morning up 4.1 per cent.
shares in jpmorgan gained 0.1 per cent to $49.31 and wells_fargo lost 0.2 per cent to $37.51 ahead of the release of their earnings results today.
steve ballmer, microsoft chief executive, sought this week to play down the change, claiming that the company had habitually stepped into hardware when it needed to demonstrate the potential of its software "in ways the makers of hardware themselves had yet to envision".microsoft and its allies, he added, were always "pushing each other and pulling each other forward".
wells_fargo said yesterday that it had agreed to buy a division that provides financing to small businesses from gmac, the troubled car and home lender, cementing its position as a leader in the field.
after street-beating results from wells_fargo and then jpmorgan chase underwrote a two-day bounce in financial stocks, merrill went the other way. wells_fargo helps blaze trail to positive territory
google funnelled eur8.8bn of royalty payments to bermuda last year, a quarter more than in 2011, underlining the rapid expansion of a strategy that has saved the us internet group billions of dollars in tax.
apple closer to iradio debut after sealing deal with sony; media; early offers to music companies thought to have been greatly improved
the other largest banks, including bank_of_america and citi, are still below that level.bank_of_america , which has seen its share price halved since the start of the year, gained 7.1 per cent to $7.25 after a robust defence of the company by its chief executive , plus supportive analyst comments.
one is the search for the picasso of the facebook generation, a cubism of cyberspace - for artists who utilise and explain the seismic cultural changes engineered by the internet and social media. facebook pledges closer monitoring of website; media
jpmorgan has said it is -willing to continue talks with lisbon on resolving the issue.
a preliminary count of votes on proposed pay plans for goldman executives yesterday showed an overwhelming 94 per cent of shareholders offering support.
the idea that microsoft once had for expanding windows live messenger still resonates.this week it was tony bates, chief executive of skype (and soon to be general manager of the microsoft division of the same name), who talked of the business as the foundation for a social network, a system that could provide the glue between other online activities and services by linking people with their closest friends and family members.
goldman arrived at its valuation by comparing nine with ten network holdings, arguably its closest peer in the australian free-to-air television market.goldman argues nine deserves a multiple of 10 times prospective ebitda of about a$250m because of its strong viewing figures and to reflect a control premium.
apple may also feel a closer affinity with facebook than it did with google. this is an extension of the accommodation struck late last year when facebook launched an ipad app that prompts its members to go to the app store when they try to play games or launch other applications while using the facebook service on their apple device.
wells_fargo makes solid gain after strong earnings; wall street
the us company has already pledged to better protect users' privacy under a landmark settlement with the us trade regulator in march pertaining to a complaint raised over the launch of google buzz, a social network service.
citigroup and wells_fargo yesterday unveiled plans to sell up to $30bn in stock and return a combined $45bn to us taxpayers in a move that will free them from heightened government supervision but could hit shareholders.
we will be watching this development closely - the devil is always in the details - and look forward to google taking further steps. "this change is an important step in the right direction - a step we've been urging google to take for a long time.google has signalled a new willingness to value the rights of creators," said cary sherman, riaa chairman.
These top-decile funds outperformed the S&P500 index's 8.4 per cent gain for the same decade.The report said: "While the top 59 funds outdistanced the S&P500 for the 10-year period as a whole, all of them underperformed the index substantially during shorter periods within the decade.
"the point we are making, unlike others, is that risk retention is a good idea," john gibbons, an executive vice-president with wells_fargo home mortgage, said recently.wells_fargo has argued for even higher downpayment standards of at least 30 per cent.
but $8bn of it has come from server software, a business where microsoft competes with the likes of oracle and vmware.and about $3bn comes from xbox, which microsoft has built (at great expense) from nothing into the industry-leading games console.
What's interesting about that is that the S&P500 record in 2000 came about two months after the Dow hit its record.
bank_of_america merrill lynch yesterday announced the sale of its $1.9bn portfolio of investments in private equity funds to axa private equity, amid growing regulatory pressure on banks to dispose of their buy-out interests.
acquired by google in 2006 for $1.65bn in stock, youtube is almost as dominant in online video as its parent is in search. google is exploring charging subscriptions for some of these channels to bolster revenues from advertising.
the strong social component to the service was even more important for google than the extra location-based information it would be able to tap, helping to boost the attractions of its google plus network.
where facebook aims to make social information useful by passing it through its search filter - such as finding romance for a relative from india - google dreams of using a similar approach to open all of human knowledge.
but unlike regulators in the us and france, the information commissioner's office stopped short of fining google , saying it had found "insufficient evidence" to show that the company had intended to collect the data.
"he also said google was simplifying the systems used by its advertisers to make it easier for them to run their mobile campaigns.
the results, which included reducing adverts carried by some sites and limiting the apps that are offered to users for download, were intended to improve the user experience and benefit google in the long term, he said.
 he also said that google was working on simplifying the systems used by its advertisers to make it easier for them to run their mobile campaigns."
so, isn't it obvious that the reason for all this is that jpmorgan is trying to use the cio's hedging programme as a profit centre?
it is unclear whether their new owners - or others struggling to hold their own in a rapidly concentrating market - can do anything to shake the new duopoly that rules the mobile computing world: apple and samsung, which has risen to become the leading handset maker on the back of google's android operating system.
the phone has a dual-core a5 processing chip first introduced in the ipad 2, which apple said made it as much as twice as fast as the iphone 4.
patrick gibson, an independent app developer and former ipad engineer, touched a nerve among apple watchers with a blog post observation that google was moving faster."google is getting better at design faster than apple is getting better at web services," he wrote.
in a report sent to goldman shareholders yesterday, glass lewis reversed the guidance it gave last year when 94 per cent of shareholders voted in favour of the executive pay plan.
however, the iwatch - a brand for which apple has made several applications to trademark - has now progressed from an exploratory phase to having several dozen employees dedicated to its development.
despite the 59 per cent boost this gave to the company's revenues in the latest period, apple struck a cautious note as it warned that the booming global sales of the iphone 4s caused by its early launch in more than 100 countries had brought forward demand.
people close to goldman say it has a pipeline of 20 chinese listings, many worth about $1bn, awaiting a green light.
"customer response to iphone 5 in china has been incredible, setting a new record with the best first weekend sales ever in china," said tim cook, apple chief executive, in a statement.
with its os x 10.8, dubbed mountain lion, apple is introducing appealing if incremental improvements for mac lovers and gentle inducements for the ipad and iphone audience to extend their apple ownership to a laptop, too.
facebook briefly tops ipo price as consumer stocks rise; wall street
goldman overhauled its entry-level analyst programme last year by ending the two-year contracts and bonuses it had traditionally offered new staff.
its recent judgments against two well-known financiers - ian hannam, the jpmorgan banker, and david einhorn, the hedge fund investor, have been greeted largely with approbation.
apple sold 9.25m ipads during the june quarter, up from 3.3m a year earlier - an increase of 183 per cent.
goldman has tried hard to find another low-risk business to offset the bank's trading volatility.goldman has also begun raising part of its funding needs from depositors, which is seen as less flighty than short-term bond finance.
in a blog post yesterday, google said it was adding an indicator to the more than 200 it uses to deliver search results: it will now take into account the number of valid copyright removal notices it receives for any given site.
jpmorgan took full ownership of cazenove two years ago in a £1bn deal, after a five-year joint venture.unlike other takeovers of similar businesses, the venture has thrived since, as jpmorgan has used its balance sheet and broader financing strengths to buttress cazenove's corporate advisory skills. at a disciplinary hearing on monday, the lawyers representing the accountancy and actuarial discipline board said that the penalty on pwc should not be "vastly disproportionate" to the £33.3m fine imposed on jpmorgan last year.
it would be easy to award apple another clean sweep this year for best smartphone, tablet and laptop. but apple was more iterative than innovative in 2011 - apart from its smart covers for the ipad and still-in-beta siri voice recognition function on the iphone 4s, there was not a lot that was new to write about.
meanwhile, goldman sachs downgraded its forecast for gross domestic product growth to 1.6 per cent.
in a statement, microsoft said: "while the outcome is not what we had hoped for, we will continue to advocate for changes to the law that will prevent abuse of the patent system and protect inventors who hold patents representing true innovation. but there are many other types of data that apple does not own or control, and companies like google, facebook and microsoft are in a better position to exploit.in a rebuttal to microsoft founder bill gates's snipe at solar technology as being "cute" but no panacea for climate change, the solar industry is shouting from the rooftops that it has reached cost parity with fossil fuels. microsoft embraces hackers' use of kinect device
benedict evans, of enders analysis, said that while the samsung's flagship galaxy siii was superior to the iphone 4s, the iphone 5 puts apple "back into a tech leadership position" for the next six to nine months.
apple shares rise to new intraday high
goldman boosts private lending to wealthy clients
last week, wells_fargo cancelled its $3 pilot programme in five states, while jpmorgan chase and citigroup have also decided against charges.
"the test is designed to make it easier and faster for people to make a purchase in a mobile app," facebook said, adding that the test was in the early stages and involved just two e-commerce partners.
relatively good economic news and jpmorgan chase beating earnings estimates initially helped investors gain confidence.
Hussman finds four congruent characteristics - a price/peak earnings multiple above 18 times, a four-year high in the S&P500 (on a weekly closing basis), the S&P500 at 8 per cent or more above its 52-week moving average, and rising Treasury and corporate bond yields.
The Dow Jones industrial average rose 142.99 points to 13,378.87 and the S&P500 Index lifted 16.87 to 1479.37.
goldman sachs' planned redevelopment of one of the city of london's largest unoccupied offices hit a snag on tuesday after the government granted protected status to murals adorning the front of the building.
earnings from facebook beat revenue and profit expectations. facebook and qualcomm, though, helped make nasdaq the best performing major index on the day, up 0.5 per cent to 3,596.05.
google has submitted a revised package of concessions to address the concerns of europe's top competition authority , bringing the talks to settle the eu antitrust investigation to a critical juncture.
apple sees far more growth ahead. but as apple shows no sign of moving in that direction, chinese websites offering iphone and ipad apps for free for unlocked apple gadgets are mushrooming.
microsoft has stepped up its fight against software piracy in china with unprecedented lawsuits against chinese electronics retailers.